Tuesday September 3rd 2013 6:03 pm -04:00,I just bought a Rasberry Pi in The Netherlands because I had to come here for several weeks with no computer and I was busy learning Python. Im having to use it on an old CRT TV via composite RCA so its far from ideal.,None,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 1:51 pm -04:00,Thank you Nick - That was all I was doing wrong too - naming the function in its own body!, Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 6:20 pm -04:00,Why do we begin by writing examples of a function whose body (i.e purpose and method) we have yet to write? I assume there is a method to this way of doing it that Im missing. , Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 7:01 pm -04:00,Lisa - are you referring to the file called a1.py? What happens when you double click on the file after youve saved it to your hard drive? What OS are you using?, Resolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 7:03 am -04:00,Lisa to add to what Etienne said - the extension of a file tells the computer which application to use to open it when you double click so always save the file with  its original file extension and dont let Windows make it anything else! If you choose [Open] from within IDLE or try to load the file in Python the file will only show up if it has the .py extension. If it is in the folder and has a .txt extension IDLE wont see it because it cant use .txt files and although Python seems to be loading the file it cant execute (run) it because it has the wrong extension. Often you can just change the .txt to .py manually on your computer and that will work too!, Resolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 7:23 am -04:00,Please dont give up!The best thing I did with Assignment 1 was calm down and turn the computer off. got a piece of paper and used that and my addled brain to make some sense out of the assignment. In one session of quiet time I managed to do three of the answers when I really thought I couldnt do any of them.Its so easy to panic in these circumstances and thats perfectly normal. Youre asking your brain muscles to do things they probably havent done before with the added pressure of time constraints. I did a postgrad IT course which crammed 4 years of IT into one year and my brain literally HURT at the end of every day from all the work. I had to learn C++ from scratch with a lousy teacher and it was just awful. I felt like crying....and then one day  like with clutch control it all fell into place and I had one of the biggest highs in my life! I would never have experienced that had I given up on the course.It isnt going to be easy. Only you can decide whether or not youre willing to put in the hard work. How much does it mean to you? You may also feel as though the people who are succeeding are just so much smarter than you - and some of them may be but most of them have the same brain you do and have access to the same internet you do  - they just get on with it calm down ask for help as often as they need tocalm down use Google calm down......So many people who have thought of giving up will have gone on and passed this course. This is my second attempt at the course and I have no idea if Ill be able to finish it. There is also Codeacademy BTW - they have a good bite-size chunks Python course that might help in addition to this one. But I would suggest you dont spend too much time looking for the information to do the assignment elsewhere as it can waste time and make your frustration worse. Everything we need to do the assignment we have been taught here... (just dont ask ME where!)Im REALLY struggling with Assignment 1 BTW and have not a clue if Ill be able to finish it.....It seems like parts of it were written in a foreign language...but I can either give up or give it a go and Im choosing to plod on......Im not giving up on myself just yet.Will you hang in there with me for a bit longer Angel and anyone else who is thinking of bailing?,None,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 8:48 am -04:00,So between 1 and 3 beginners spent more than 1500 hours on Assignment1? That sounds about right... (Im kidding) ;p,None,0
Monday September 2nd 2013 10:25 am -04:00,Problem: (Guidelines for reporting inappropriate content)Type ID: flag-overviewProblem ID: flag-overviewAdditional details: Male violence towards women is a serious matter and shouldnt be glibly and casually joked about in any forum. I am assuming this student is joking but he actually may not be. He shouldnt be saying things like that at all. I certainly as a woman dont feel safe in a forum where language like that is allowed and shrugged off as banter.Apologies if this has been submitted multiple times - I keep getting an Unexpected API error.,None,2
Monday September 2nd 2013 10:59 am -04:00,You have to include them in the code you submit for marking., Resolved,0
Monday September 2nd 2013 11:06 am -04:00,Yes - I think they need to see youve tested your code with the examples. I didnt actually realise this - I tested my functions and didnt submit the tests and failed failed and failed again! ;p lol, Resolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 3:03 pm -04:00,Save the file before you upload it!, Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 3:34 pm -04:00,Because I know that programming can be massively frustrating even for experienced programmers let alone beginners and I know I can get really panicky and unable to think straight I reminded myself that I have  plenty of time to submit and plenty of access to the information I need to do well.I carefully worked through every question putting as much code as I needed to into either IDLE or the Online Python Tutor (visualiser) and if there was something I didnt get I went back to the course material - reviewed the videos and reread the lecture notes and I found what I was missing.I also had to remind myself that there is usually more than one way to code the same problem and that the tutors would not be asking me to use things Ive learned elsewhere in these exercises.  And the only way to really learn how to code is to...write code. Theres no getting away from that simple fact of life. There are no easy ways no shortcuts no-one can do it for us......as soon as I accepted that I got on a lot better! ;pProgramming is the most frustrating intellectual discipline Ive tackled in my life but it is also by far the most rewarding., Resolved,3
Sunday September 8th 2013 3:50 pm -04:00,And does that apply to exercises too?I cant seem to get any more than 16/41 for assignment 1., Resolved,0
Sunday September 8th 2013 4:34 pm -04:00,Oh I see! So if I dont get 70% in Assignment 1 all is not lost?, Resolved,0
Monday September 9th 2013 7:59 am -04:00,Ill do my best. My lovely Mum died suddenly on Saturday morning and although the course does help me to switch off from that a bit its very hard to apply myself in the same way as before. Thanks so much for all your help. Ill try my best., Resolved,2
