Friday August 30th 2013 1:42 am -04:00,All great advice from the previous posts. I would also like to add that I like the suggestion that the instructors gave about submitting the assignment to see if you are on the right track after you write a couple of the functions. I submitted Assignment 1 three times first after I completed the first three functions that were partially written for us then after I wrote the other three functions and then finally after I had figured out the time clock functions. This strategy helped me to know that I was on the right track while I was working through the problem and motivated me to keep working through it even though the assignment got harder towards the end.I agree its not a race. Everyone learns different things at different speeds and as long as you get it turned in by the deadline thats really all that matters., Pinned Resolved,9
Sunday September 1st 2013 12:22 pm -04:00,You need to enclose the (numbernumber) -> number inside a triple set of double or single quotes (I.e. the doc string) . The way your example has it now python is trying to execute that step and is telling you that your syntax is wrong try this ...def seconds_difference(time_1 time_2): (number number) -> numberreturn  And fill in the rest of the doc string between the quotes. Then put the return statement needed to find the difference between time_1 and time_2 below the last triple quotes like the example above. This way python wont be trying to execute the parts of your doc string.Hope this helps., Pinned Resolved,1
Friday September 20th 2013 2:04 pm -04:00,I would also caution people about the one time submittal rule. There were a bunch of people in the Maps and Geospatial Revolution MOOC that ended earlier this month that didnt get the certificate because they submitted the final exam twice. When they submitted the final a second time they were given an automatic zero for the exam. So even though we only got one submittal for the exam the system still let them submit it more than once., Resolved,8
