Wednesday September 4th 2013 8:34 am -04:00,Thats cool can you do that again and post the results?I see that a lot of people like to see stats for the courses they are taking but they are not very common. I would like to know things like the ones you just posted or how many people will complete all the assignments and so on,None,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 8:43 am -04:00,I can program (with different proficiencies) in Fortran Java and Racket.What really amuses me are the small changes in sintax that seems placed there just to make sure the languages are all different. I just finished week 3 and I noticed that all this 4 languages use a slightly different sintax for the if statement.... really SMALL differences so small that now I just continue to confuse and mix them together LOL.Python seems a nice language and more high level in several aspect even if it pays it with less speed. I think its really good for small application and Im thinking of rewriting some of my Fortran programs in Python in the future.,None,0
Friday September 6th 2013 8:48 am -04:00,I dont think is possibile... we are over 20000 students around here it would be hell for them :PBut you can ask questions to the other users or to the TAs if its a technical problem I notice that they monitor the forums very much,None,1
Wednesday October 2nd 2013 8:26 am -04:00,Or stuff like SPH http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoothed_particle_hydrodynamics  or other huge 3D codes with hydro/magneto dynamics that can take months on supercomputers and need the most precise memory management... they cannot simply be written in Python and they are all in C++ or Fortran and all massively parallelized something that Python is not designed for.Python is good for some things but not for everything like any other programming language.,None,0
Thursday October 3rd 2013 7:42 am -04:00,Running for the single example in the docstring does not mean that it is correct. The handout says The starter code contains a header and a docstring for each function in the list below so the descriptions are not repeated here. Each docstring contains one example call. Before implementing a function you should add additional examples in order to gain a better understanding of that function.Try thinking about different examples (also boundaries examples) and see if the code works also for this ones. The autograder will tell you where the code is failing, Unresolved,0
