Wednesday August 21st 2013 6:27 am -04:00,When I watch the lecture on my very small notebook the typing of the examples is way over on the left of the screen ( naturally ) which has the unfortunate effect that I loose the responses. I appreciate that this is the fault of my machine but readability would be improved if it occupied the middle. , Resolved,0
Monday September 2nd 2013 1:10 pm -04:00,Carelessness is a common failing; well common to me. I got repeated failures until I noticed I had typed one return function after the multiple quotes at the end of the doc string but on the same line. This was perceived as a syntax error and screwed all the previous work. Python is light on clues as to where you have gone wrong. It seems to be quite persnickety and then just says go away I don´t want to talk to you. I could take it personally except I´m used to strop. , Resolved,0
Monday September 2nd 2013 9:57 am -04:00,I have constructed the answers in the shell testing each one as I go. So far so good. They all work. I make a complete set and test that. Ok. I save the set. When I reload the set it appears in a new window and when I run it or check it it tells me syntax error.I obviously cant type so I repeat but the same result occurs.! why this disparity?2 Is there any way I can get Python to tell me what it objects to and better still where?3 Why in the submission page are there two file points?I think the maths is simple but Python is not very communicative. It reminds of the old DOS system (I am that old)., Unresolved,-1
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 1:14 pm -04:00,Thank you for all your replies. I am sorry to have not replied earlier but apparently some anonymous person thought the last line of my post was offensive and had the post blocked and locked (the line as been removed so your sensitivities are not now at risk) If you were offended I apologise. It certainly wasnt intentional. I have now mastered the problem but on the original format.My problem was the the very last return statement was typed by my naughty fingers after the last double quotes of the descriptor body but on the same line. This not only confused that definition but upset all the rest. Python seems to be fussy but unable to pinpoint where the error is hence my comparison with the old DOS which was notorious for it. I tell you this so you dont enjoy my frustration., Unresolved,-1
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 11:40 am -04:00,I posted about assignment 1 under Wallowing in despond...my canoe lacks paddlesI have had some replies that I would like to reply to just good manners but I cant as my text has been removed and the posting locked. I assume that I offended some rule but I really cant think what!I would like to reply to the posters and if my eye offends I would like to pluck it out.If this cannot be answered directly can you reply (staff)) by email?I am normally polite but I assume not this time.,None,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 12:56 pm -04:00,I have worked out what the last line was and most people would have realised it was a flippant joke. perhaps not a good joke but a joke for all that. Censoring another person because you (not YOU) have a humour bypass or are on a hobby horse is itself quite offensive! Having read on other courses some quite offensive trolls I approve of standards being kept but it should be moderated by a normal human being. That was me on my hobby horse!!! Thank you for YOUR efforts. I can now reply to my replies. ,None,-2
