Tuesday September 3rd 2013 10:22 pm -04:00,Per the step 5 function description for get_minutes the result should be in the range of 0-59 inclusive so a result of 60 would not be acceptable. I would suspect that your function is not calculating correctly even if you do get the results you expect for 3800. Maybe try a few more different (and more extreme) examples and see what you get., Unresolved,0
Sunday September 8th 2013 1:59 pm -04:00,We have already learned to save a separate file with our functions run that module and call those functions from the Python Shell. The same process can be used to execute programs. You just put all your code into the file and when you run it you will interact with and/or see the output of your program in the shell. Not sure what other options there will be in the future but thats one way to  build and run programs using only what we have learned so far., Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 10:57 pm -04:00,I would just like to second the OP and offer my experience today as an illustration of how this is a huge deal. I like many of us I am sure have a limited amount of time to commit to Coursera courses and other commitments to meet. Today I had a window of time to work on my assignment and completed my assignment with less than an hour to spare and submitted. I had a couple of errors looked at my code and figured I knew exactly how to fix it so I went to resubmit and was told I needed to wait 56 minutes.No good I needed to be somewhere else so I ended up coming back a few hours later to resubmit and found that I was still getting errors. Well crap. I didnt have time to work on it then so now it is nearly 12 hours later when I have time to resubmit again. I am not getting my feedback right away for some reason so I have no idea if I will need to resubmit again but I really need to get to sleep and it will be nearly 24 hours before I get another chance to look at this. So to put a point on this I had a window of time that I was available to work on the assignment. If I had been allowed to submit and get feedback without delay Im sure I would have been done within that window. But I was not and now it will be at least 36 hours before I can finish it. Please remove the submission delay if at all possible., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 17th 2013 9:52 am -04:00,The side effect of the list.pop() method was mentioned in the list methods video starting at 3:04., Resolved,0
