Sunday August 18th 2013 11:42 pm -04:00,Im having difficulty installing Python 3. Ive downloaded the 3.3.2 msi file from python.org and it keeps giving the error message that This Installation package could not be opened. Contact the application vendor to verify that this is a valid Windows Installer package.Ive tried downloading both the x86 and x86-64 installers and I tried downloading the x86 version a second time in a different browser in case something was going wrong with the download. No luck. Any idea whats happening? What can I do?Im using windows 7., Resolved,0
Monday August 19th 2013 3:51 am -04:00,All right FINALLY. My internet connection sometimes slows down and becomes unstable in the evenings (dang rural internet) and it must have been REALLY bad tonight because it was corrupting and damaging all versions of the file every dang time.I took advantage of some late night insomnia to try the download again in the wee small hours of the morning after the peak hours (or possibly after the nightly martian attack on the satellite) were over. THIS time I finally seem to have gotten a clean copy. Small victories!, Resolved,1
Monday September 30th 2013 5:10 am -04:00,Just wanted to squeal about this and no one else is awake right now darnit. Also I kinda need to thank the instructors! A few weeks ago I was completely frustrated with the assignment for the week so I took a break and I wrote a short story... In python script. I had long been amused by the possibilities of creative # lines. It is probably NOT proper programming protocol but my python files are perpetually littered with asides like:# Here comes the hard part.or# I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IM DOING # WHY AM I HERE # WHAT IS THIS MACHINE # HELPIve also been intrigued by how READABLE python is. As a high level programming language a lot of simple python code can be understood or its purpose at least guessed at by a non programmer reading the text file.So I sat down and wrote a short story which can either be played as a very short piece of interactive hyperfiction in the Python 3 shell OR can be read as a piece of prose fiction alternating between a narrator monologuing in the # lines and a program written out in if/elif/else print statements.I submitted it to an online magazine and figured if they didnt buy it I would show it to folks on the forums....As it turns out as of the e-mail I just received I CANNOT show it to you in the forums. :D :D :D :DDaily Science Fiction just sent me my acceptance letter. I dont know when the story will go up sadly. Magazines like to have a buffer of stories lined up well in advance so it could be a good many months. But darnit I wanted to gloat NOW and this seemed like a good place to do it. Thanks so much to the instructors and the folks on these boards for giving me the skills I needed to write that story! ...And to the instructors again for making homework assignments mind boggling enough that I needed to throw up my hands in temporary defeat and do something else. No inspiration like frustration as it turns out.,None,4
Tuesday October 1st 2013 8:02 pm -04:00,Ha its not the instructors who would frown its the publisher. Theyre BUYING it which means theyre purchasing the right to be the ones to put it online for the public.,None,0
