Sunday September 22nd 2013 5:25 am -04:00,Totally agree with you Anne there does seem a bit of a jump from the lectures to the Exercises in the last 2 weeks. For myself I blame the python visualiser. Some people may see it as an aid but when Paul starts going on about memory addresses  and what not I find myself zoning out and feeling sleepy and totally forget what he was talking about. But hey maybe thats just me. But it would be great if there was a few more examples of loops and their practical uses. And maybe a little less theory on what the computer is doing with its memory. Just my opinion., Unresolved,0
Sunday September 29th 2013 3:11 am -04:00,Yeah the Descriptions are not very clear.Without giving too much away   I hope  here is what I did on both.read_words(open(wordlist1.txt r))  //This is used on shell to test if youre code is workingCreate listCreate for loop on the words_fileCreate new variable and use it to get rid of /n using rstripAppend variable to youre listReturn listOut put should be [CRUNCHY COWS EAT GRASS ]read_board(open(board1.txt r)) // To test the next oneCreate listCreate for loop on board_fileCreate new variable and use it to get rid of /n using rstripCreate if statement to check if not  empty string( )Next part can be done on 1 or two lines turn variable into list using list functionand append new list to youre original list.Return listOutput should be [[E F J A J C O W S S] [S D G K S R F D F F] [A S R J D U S K L K] [H E A N D N D J W A] [A N S D N C N E O P] [P M S N F H H E J E] [J E P Q L Y N X D L]]There are a few other ways but if you can see clearly how to test and what output you should be getting then hopefully itll help you progress., Unresolved,12
Sunday September 29th 2013 3:18 am -04:00,You can add if statement to first code as well to get rid of ( ) empty string forgot to include it., Unresolved,0
Monday September 30th 2013 2:09 am -04:00,Whatever you use in youre for loop ie i or line and store the result in a new variable.ie for line in file        new_line = line.rstrip()You just want to get rid of that annoying  tag. Im sure its on one of the video lectures.Its possible to do it all on one line of code but I prefer to create a new variable so I can see whats going on., Unresolved,0
Monday September 30th 2013 2:17 am -04:00,Im sure it has been mentioned on previous threads by Tom. But no where in your code do you need to open the file. This is taken care of by the A3.driver file. If you open a file anywhere in youre code it will just generate errors.You can easily test if youre codes working by using read_board(open(board1.txt r)) on the python shell., Unresolved,0
Monday September 30th 2013 2:20 am -04:00,or read_words(open(wordlist1.txt r))  depending on what code youre working on ;-), Unresolved,0
Tuesday October 1st 2013 1:43 am -04:00,As far as I can tell the last two codes will not effect update score. The problem is either youre update_score function  or youre word_score function one of them is not pasing all the tests. You need to have a look at what the error report says., Unresolved,0
Monday September 30th 2013 3:16 am -04:00,Youre almost there. Couldnt figure out youre error for a little while lol. Youre using square brackets on youre appendinstead of curly brackets.You also still have to get rid of the  /n, Unresolved,2
Tuesday October 1st 2013 4:37 am -04:00,I didnt use two for loops in my code I only used one because once you get rid of  its easy to convert to a list using list function. From what I can see using two loops can throw up all sorts of problems. Getting it to stop looping at the correct place for one. Seems to over complicate things in my opinion.You cant use rstrip on a list if youre using rstrip it has to be done when youre line is still a string. Its possible to use your code but you would need to get rid of  the rstrips youve added and just use rstrip after youre second for loop. Do this by creating a new variable and setting it equal to letter. rstrip() and change the two  letter in your if statement and append to  the new variable name . And youll need to add an if statement just before board.append to eliminate empy list youve created. Be careful with the indentation of this though.Hope this helps., Unresolved,0
