Monday September 9th 2013 1:47 pm -04:00,These sort of loose types bothers me some too.  And Im not so sure what type results from various operations.  Like int + int results in and int?   but maybe int + float give a float.  int + string   does that give an error?  or a string.   Must be a table for all these possibilities somewhere?  , Unresolved,0
Wednesday September 11th 2013 5:59 pm -04:00,I see that every time I do run in an idle edit window it restarts the shell and runs the whole file. I want to run a few lines from a saved file without restarting and/or copy and paste a few lines. and have them run one after the other.  Is there a way to do that? , Resolved,0
Wednesday September 11th 2013 9:05 pm -04:00,YEAH   but what I want to do is try out a few lines (4 or 5 or 6) to set up some pieces then do a line at a time  for debugging. or vice versa.  type a line I want to work on they do 4 or 5 standard commands to see how it worked.   I can always type a line or 2 or 5 all over again and again but isnt there a way to just copy in several commands to run one after the other.  I guess I can copy and paste one at a time from a saved file but Isnt there an easier way?   Im brand new to python..   , Resolved,0
Monday September 9th 2013 1:36 pm -04:00,I am retired having worked for years in Molecular Biology in areas of phage and prokaryotic molecular genetics.  It dismays me Vijay that you say There is no real thought process involved let alone use of imagination.   I know my PhD was at a very exciting time during the transition from mutational analysis in phage and bacteria of molecular  processes to more direct observation via gene cloning and sequencing. I know Im 10 years out of it but  I hadnt though that molecular biology was all just data gathering and description in order to feed into genomic databases.  Surly there is some aspect of your work worth thought and enthusiasm and imagination.  Maybe you should talk with your professor and change your project a bit.  Grad school is way way too hard and way way too long to go through if you dont love your work.,None,0
Monday September 9th 2013 5:26 pm -04:00,Well  answers by Brazios and Christopher both look to me like they will give the correct result.  int() isnt needed (since find() returns an int) and len(s1) isnt needed (default with no parameter is end of string)  so Im guessing the the auto grader cant cope with these OK but unnecessary additions.   ??????   , Resolved,1
Wednesday September 11th 2013 4:26 pm -04:00,Well your three if statements dont cover the case where index is > length or index <0.  So what does you code do if you call insert_sequence and the index passed in is not in range?.   Using splicing as I did if one endpoint is out of range it just works anyway.  that is insert_sequence (AA TT10) gives same result as insert_sequence (AA TT 2)  and insert_sequence (AA TT -3) gives same result as insert_sequence (AA TT 0).  Maybe one of the tests passes indexes out of range and expects it to work.  Kinda weird that they had us program is_valid and other utilities but did not ask us to actually do any error checking on the input to the dna manipulation functions., Unresolved,0
Wednesday September 11th 2013 1:40 pm -04:00,I have a guess (without actually seeing your if/then code).  What happens if either or both of the input sequences are the empty string?  Ill bet they check that they seem to like these edge cases.   I coded it with a single string concatenation expression and it all seemed to work fine ., Unresolved,0
Wednesday September 11th 2013 11:28 am -04:00,Yes.  I struggled with this for a long time. Seems like it took me forever. I couldnt figure out why sometimes answer made no sense but usually (well most of the tests I tried) were just right.  And I finally did realize it was whenever the subtraction (addition) of the offset gave a neg number.  So then I did what you described and tested the % operator with neg numbers (and I still dont know what it does really) but since our to-24-hr-clock function says in the doc string precondition no neg numbers I should have thought about it first.  So then finally at mental point you describe I was at a loss.  Seems crazy but what I finally did was check time in a dozen cities around the globe and time here and the time zone offset and make a dozen more test examples. And sure enough it was because of feeding neg hours in to the function.  So then I took pencil and paper and drew a clock (24 hr on a circle) to figure out what neg numbers mean.  ( the conversion could give neg values from 0 to -12 )  Then I made a 2 row chart of each integer 0 to -12 and what the 24 hr time would be then figured out how to convert it to pos # before feeding into the % operation.  I dont know why it took me so long since it is really a simple problem.  I just got very very confused.   I think it is confusing because its circular permutation moving around in either direction it is not obvious how the offset definition of what is + and what is - relates to which way to move on the circle  Also Im not used to thinking in 24 hr time.  Also midnight confused me but when I finally decided that 0=24=48=72  and it was just the display that started over at 0 (not time itself or some such not sure why I was confused but it was midnight by then) it got much easier.  so 0=24=48 etc and 1=25=48 etc and 2=26=50 etc and -1=23=47=71 etc and -2=22=46=70 etc etc etc.So in answer to your question.  Yes what I did was convert from neg to positive before running the value through to-24-hr-clock., Resolved,1
Wednesday September 11th 2013 12:27 pm -04:00,Are you doing get_complement which is supposed to get one letter ( a string of length 1 and only an A G C or T  which represents a nucleotide) and return the one letter complement.  you dont need a for loop (which would be only if you wanted to do the same thing over and over for each character in the argument passed in)   In this function the argument is only 1 character. Just do it once.Or are you trying to code get_complementary_sequence?    In which case you do want to use a for to step through each character in the input string dna, Unresolved,2
Wednesday September 11th 2013 1:01 pm -04:00,I dont know.  I wondered when coding it up if I oughtnt do a bunch of error checking.  After all we had to write code for is_valid_sequence and for length and both could (should) be checked before complementing  but I didnt do it.  Just followed the simple instructions.  for the get_complementary_sequence  I had it call the get_complement function and appended that result to the growing complementary dna string.  I cant tell what they are looking for in the automatic assessment.  I also thought about using the splice to get the first character of the input string (so if it was longer it would just use the first letter and not fail) but I didnt do that either.  There were no specs in the problem description about how to treat user input errors so I ignored it.   I did think this assignment should have included such error handling since we coded some of it but they we never used it and it doesnt seem it was tested in the auto-grading either., Unresolved,1
Wednesday September 11th 2013 12:49 pm -04:00,Actually your code does work for both one nucleotide complement and for dna complement.  Did you also encode a function called get_complementary_sequence as per instructions because both functions are tested separately and scored?, Unresolved,0
Wednesday September 25th 2013 12:11 pm -04:00,So for the assignment are we to assume the board is even length rows or not?  Can it be assumed that the board has all letters (no spaces or digits or other characters)?  Can it be assumed they are all upper case or should this all be checked.  This is a problem definition question not a coding or design question.   If not then we should check foreven ness and character content  Then what? return an error message to user of BAD BOARD?  convert to upper case? Truncate to rectangular?  or assign  gaps? should the gaps be assigned to the right hand of rows?  Should gaps be assigned to match everything (like a wild card) or to match nothing or match only other spaces?  What about entering search words containing spaces? , Resolved,1
Friday September 27th 2013 10:55 pm -04:00,Most of my problems were interpreting the instructions rather than deciding how to code it.  Dashed off the first seven functions in about 40 min.  Then got to update_score and didnt understand the point and/or types if the data structure. description was badly written and I couldnt fathom what the point of a two item list was and having a whole function to update just  the one number.  Kept thinking (wrongly) that it must be a list of many items (one for each of multiple players) with each item being a list of [name score].  Kept thinking I had to search the list for the item with the right player name then update the score.   type contract confused me as was written differently than for the type contracts in the other functions. Spent over an hour searching the forum for info about it then another 30 min distracted reading about reading files with and/or without end-of-line then another 30 min reading the driver code trying to see how the update-score function was called.  Big waste of time.  It was utterly trivially straightforward (and just like the text in the function says).  Oh well.  num_words_on_board was only an issue because I wasnt sure what what to do about words on the board but not in the list or words in the list but not on the board but as soon as I decided a word had to be on both to count it was 3 min.  The two read from an open file functions took me a long long time (2 hr) because I couldnt get the .rstrip() function to work.  I looked at help files all over the internet and tried and tried and tried different tests and nothing worked consistently.  FRUSTRATING!    Finally I copied and pasted code from the quiz and changed variable names and lo and behold that just worked.  Tried typing again for the second function and it wouldnt strip the line-feeds.  copy and pasted the .rstrip() and it worked.  Still baffled.  but oh well.  So submitted missed one point fixed a wrong number  (typo) and all fine and dandy.final score -- just over 5 hours.    37/37 points2+ hr to understand the directions.nearly 2 hr to get beyond the problem of cant even type a simple .rstrip() and get it to work.  still dont know what was/is wrong.Actual writing code and testing the final product.  about an hour and a half.Additional time spend griping to my husband (who was/is a real programmer going on 40 years now) about stupid computers and I hate programming  -  Well   at least an hour. , Unresolved,4
Friday September 27th 2013 11:30 pm -04:00,the other functions are in an easier to understand format like list of [str int]  or list of list of [str int], Resolved,0
Thursday October 3rd 2013 4:41 pm -04:00,Oh come on people.  Who cares whose fault it is?  Lighten up.  Mistakes happen.  Sometimes its easy because confusing structure or instructions and sometimes its caused by carelessness and sometimes its just a fluke (like my nasty unreliable rural DSL connection).  And yes the rules are the rules and I didnt see any requests for special exceptions so stop the down marking.  Any suggestions (especially at the Coursera website design level) to make it less easy to make a similar mistake (even if stupid or careless -- which really doesnt need debating and/or defending) in future courses are a public service for us all.  , Resolved,4
