Monday August 19th 2013 6:19 am -04:00,On the Windows Pyhton 3.40a1 Shell which I am using there is no File -> New Window option. You guys are using Mac please assist those of us working on Windows. I got the Module to run by using F5 in the module file I had created. This causes the shell to restart and as the perimeter function works I guess it loaded the module.An earlier Video pointed out the Alt-P windows variation from Mac but you must continue with this help for us Windows users if this course is to be a success.Idle help says IDLE has two window types the Shell window and the Editor window. however it is unclear to me how to get the Editor window open in Windows.EDIT- Now I see how to open the The Editor Window - It is the window produced by File -> New File command from the Shell Window. I had not noticed that the new file is in the Phython Editor Window.In the Functions videao at 4min 53 sec the Lecturer uses the Mac command New window and immediately the menus on her IDLE window change. On Windows we are using the Shell and when we do New File command the Shell menus do NOT change. However the new File Window DOES contain the menu items we are looking for as the new file has opened in an IDLE Editor window. Mac and Windows behave very differently at  this point but the lecturer and/or the screen tips do not mention this difference at all. This is the root of my/ others confusion I think., Resolved,4
Monday August 19th 2013 6:58 am -04:00,On the Windows Pyhton 3.40a1 Shell which I am using there is no File -> New Window option. The course video is using Mac.Idle help says IDLE has two window types the Shell window and the Editor window. however it is unclear to me how to get the Editor window open in Windows.EDIT- Now I see how to open the The Editor Window - It is the window produced by File -> New File command from the Shell Window. I had not noticed that the new file is in the Phython Editor Window.In the Functions videao at 4min 53 sec the Lecturer uses the Mac command New window and immediately the menus on her IDLE window change. On Windows we are using the Shell and when we do New File command the Shell menus do NOT change. However the new File Window DOES contain the menu items we are looking for as the new file has opened in an IDLE Editor window. Mac and Windows behave very differently at  this point but the lecturer and/or the screen tips do not mention this difference at all. This is the root of my/ others confusion I think., Resolved,18
