Friday September 27th 2013 2:12 pm -04:00,This is my first post on the coursera forums so I think it deserves its own thread even if there was already something similar around.Dear Paul GriesI have very little prior connection to coding unless we decide to count my intrinsic nonchalance that bordered with slight disgust towards the topic.However my life led me into an environment where I took it as an obligation to dive into how software actually works and my recent discovery of Coursera made enrolling in Learning to program quite self-evident. In the past few weeks I have discovered to my sincere amazement that not only am I interested in what you are teaching but that I am actually enjoying working on the tasks and the different way of thinking writing code necessitates from what I have been used to in my life.This brings me to the point I actually wanted to make about your mistakes in the lecture:No. They are not frustrating. They are wonderful. They are like the minute imprecisions a trained ear will hear in music that pleases the soul and gives a sense of liveliness. Especially with the way you can laugh at yourself which I found simply awesome. They also demonstrate that writing code is partially about  tracing your steps to make things work or make them work better.To a person like me (obsessed with perfection and performance) this video gave a sense of allowing that I probably would not have realized to give myself. I am truly thankful for a wonderful experience I was not at all expecting.Thanks to you and a sincere thank you to Jen as well. SincerelyGreg, Unresolved,1
Wednesday October 2nd 2013 1:08 pm -04:00,SyntaxError: (unicode error) unicodeescape codec cant decode bytes in position 2-3: truncated \UXXXXXXXX escapeEvery time I try to open a file this comes up.I am using: open(C:\Users\xxxx\Downloads\wordlist1.txt r)As you can see Im giving the full path to the file. I use the path copied from the properties tag in windows explorer.However: the seemingly exactly same path that I get if I use tkinter works... , Resolved,0
