Tuesday September 10th 2013 6:54 pm -04:00,Hey VJI think that the main thing here is:- Can python help to people who is not in touch with mathematics to get in touch? Yes because it Displays mathematics in visual aspects like geometry and even more. If you dont have much time to be in mathematics this is probably the best way to make sure youre not doing it wrong.- Can python replace the mathematician studies? Definetely No. Because python is a more limited mathematical system than all the mathematical systems a full mathematician studies.Im learning music theory (specially the mathematic part of harmony) and this python course is a big chance to go ahead with that Id suggest you do the same and take your doubts off the rail.,None,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 6:32 pm -04:00,You actually dont need to know too much to do such a thing. First download http://www.autohotkey.com/Its open source and free code is even more basic than in Python (though java and strings can be used but I dont)Code is something like: {CTRLDOWN}{UP}{CTRLUP}.This is the other thing you need:http://www.free-ocr.com/Why do you need OCR Image to text recognition? For two reasons: Firstly the error message might not be a text you can just select in blue. Secondly because sometimes windows move and Autohotkey does not automatically recognize that so even if you would be able to select text if the error message doesnt pop-up as usual in the center part of the screen the code wouldnt work.So heres how to do it:- Build an .AHK script that shoots screenshots of the PC you want to monitor (youll probably need to learn somethings like this symbol: ! actually means ALT in Autohotkey. Ok so then transform those screenshots into OCR by copy pasting the screenshot in the website (that must be done by the same script that took the screenshot and youll probably need to run some tests for the Sleep 5000 code that will wait for the website to load).The final part I dont know it its entirely up to you. Im pretty sure youll need a string or if statements that recognize if theres an error message. Maybe the easiest way to do it is to hide the Icons so that the screenshot will not see any words unless an error message pops-up.Im not an expert programmer but I hope this workaround suits for you.,None,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 6:35 pm -04:00,Oh the reason why you wouldnt need to learn too much is because theres an Authokey Script recorder that records <in code> what the user is doing in the gui. So you can test while learning the code,None,0
Thursday September 12th 2013 10:32 am -04:00,Youre welcome. Maybe its not the smoothest way (like the normal way to do it since Im not a programmer) but its the shortest path because functions are simple you can record your mouse clicks and keystrokes with the AutoScriptRecorder. But remember this is not so programming at some point since youll need to use the web browser and maybe your e-mail to send the screenshots. I mean the power of Autohotkey is to do a programmed operation but not so much as a progtamming code instead its more like an automated windows user.Good Luck with that and let me know if you encounter any obstacles.,None,0
Wednesday September 25th 2013 3:05 pm -04:00,Maybe you can configure a LAN client to another computer you send it by LAN and the other computer is connected to the internet. Or if the computer has bluetooth or any other way to send information to another device connected to the internet that would solve the issue.Good luck with that! its been interesting to share ideas.,None,0
Friday September 20th 2013 2:50 pm -04:00,Didnt know where to open this thread. Does anyone has an idea of the score in the exercises? I mean some of them Ive been able to get a full score but in some of them even if I have quite a good score I dont have full good score. Can anyone tell me if those count as approved or not? Im looking forward to getting the final grade so I would like to know if I need full score in the exercises to get the grade or if a good score (but not full) is good enough.Thanks in advance.,None,0
Friday September 20th 2013 3:13 pm -04:00,Ive checked that but it doesnt directly answer my question. What I need to know if the excercises are considered valid even if you dont get the full score.,None,0
Friday September 20th 2013 3:52 pm -04:00,Ok got it. That makes it clear. So I can just miss a couple of points and nothing terrible will happen since Im doing all assignments and got some excercises with full points. Thanks!,None,0
