Tuesday September 3rd 2013 4:48 am -04:00,also there is a button at the bottom to save your answers so you can return later.,None,0
Thursday August 22nd 2013 9:09 am -04:00,this appears to be the format of the class; its not an issue of which language is being taught. there are dozens of python tutorials that follow the same pattern usually starting with hello world and descending into fibonacci calculations before eventually ending up at modules at some unspecified time in the future., Unresolved,0
Thursday August 22nd 2013 9:03 am -04:00,all turing complete languages are equivalent. period.some just come with icing on the cake like python. the motto is Batteries Included for a reason.,None,1
Wednesday September 4th 2013 6:25 am -04:00,zone alarm is really just clever malware; its violently disrupting your ability to use the computer as you wish. id recommend removing it entirely as it isnt a very beneficial program to have around. nor anti-virus software in general. if you have a frequent problem with malware youre doing things you probably ought not to be doing on the web. not that ive got a problem with your personal browsing adventures wherever they may take you but you must take care not to allow unsafe code to be executed on your computer. try firefox with noscript extension instead which unobtrusively solves this problem in its entirety., Resolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 7:24 am -04:00,you have to work pretty hard to enable malware on your computer without visiting dark corners of the internet. you should note clearly that i did not disdain your activities on the web or even accuse you of doing unsavory or unsanitary things.instead i suggest that you are doing things you ought not to be; youre allowing unsafe unknown code to be executed on your local computer. its called javascript. you arent reading every source line of code in every js document you encounter on the web.its not dangerous at all to disable and remove antivirus and firewalls from your personal computer; you must simply practice some caution. using tools like antivirus and firewalls as an excuse to throw caution to the wind id assert is far more dangerous by allowing you to get into bad habits relying on other people to do the legwork because youre too lazy (or as you suggest incompetent or inexperienced).not only that it perpetuates a false pretense that computers and technology are unsafe for the uninitiated tools which can be leveraged to take advantage of unaware people. this is your suggestion and its rather invalid.the correct solution is something like noscript. chrome has extensions available which serve similar needs but id recommend against using chrome as its little more than a webkit based browser infused with dozens of Google tools designed to mine your personal data from surfing habits. id argue this is far more dangerous for society than removing unhelpful software like antimalware products.those antimalware products are in and of themselves malware. they get in the way of normal daily computing and require that you read and understand vast amounts of documentation in order to resume your regular cycle at the cost of precious resources your computer doesnt even need give them. on the other hand usually you can just use a search engine to find someone else who figured out how to allow this or that through the configuration. and then were back to the original problem of relying on others to do the legwork for you except in this case its extremely likely that the person who found the solution before you didnt understand the implications of it either. they arent viruses because they arent self-replicating but they are intruders on your system that you willingly install and enable without a second thought because of the proliferation of nasty software targeting Windows computers.malware isnt locally hosted anymore. its stored in webpages remotely and executed locally with javascript. there are exceptions like toolbars but these exceptions all require some form of active permission from the user (in most cases requiring the user to uncheck the agreement to use said toolbar).the problem is that javascript applications have access to everything on your computer that your browser process does which in turn is derived from the amount of permission your user login has obtained. antivirus software is a relic of the early 2000s before malware designers got clever enough to utilize things like javascript in the browser.a firewall is a completely different story than antivirus software but has the same problem; it disallows interprocess communication between processes which rely on tcp/udp ports for passing messages. this is how IDLE works; it launches a process that listens on localhost (like 127.0.0.1) on a port (i think its 8000 or 8001) using tcp to pass data from the editor process to the python process. this is never exposed to the web; 127.0.0.xxx is reserved for local access only and is never dangerous to allow. so why is it disabled by default in most firewall software? theyre just interrupting your workflow hindering your ability to get things done much more than helping prevent unwanted connections from being formed across the internet.your network is also already firewalled. this is builtin to all modern routers. however by default all modern routers also tend to have Universal PlugnPlay (UPnP) enabled as well which completely defeats the point of a local network firewall. one who is worried about security within a local network would swiftly disable this misfeature.i would assert that you dont even know what your firewall is doing. and i would further assert that even if you did its solving exactly 0 (zero) problems.an example of a good firewall ruleset can be found here. its secure from outside intrusions while allowing local process which never ask for internet accesses to establish communications with no hassle. i dont expect you to understand the syntax and iptables program but there is some very good data nevertheless., Resolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 9:14 am -04:00,the post isnt for your benefit then. no big deal. dont take it so personally; its rather generic and clearly doesnt apply to you. leave it at that., Resolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 9:53 am -04:00,this is really dragging on unnecessarily now.do i really need to edit the post and change all forms of you to the reader? honestly man. the original comment was for your benefit however much you disagree with the sentiments therein. the following commentary was in direct response to your for the benefit of the reader.  this is the benefit of having a discussion in an open forum. so lets drop the personal butthurt knuckledragging already.for what its worth i havent used antivirus or software firewalls since about 2005. this is approximately the same timeframe that i started using firefox and noscript. now i have zero problems from annoying anti- malware programs software firewalls (which are woefully inappropriate considering you already run a firewall in your network hardware probably). in addition to that ive not suffered a single virus botnet or unknown connection attempt since.my advice is not dangerous. its simply unadulterated and uninhibited. it is not swayed by propaganda.did you know screen savers are more damaging than helpful thanks to modern advances in technology? thats right its better to switch the monitors power off instead or let DKMS do it for you. and it always has been. but no one wanted to wait for their monitors to heat up again! so we invented screensavers instead.this is directly analogous to antivirus. its a technology that favours the lazy and disinterested. those are the very same people who are prone to act without forethought. instead i prefer to teach them to think first obtain clarity and understanding then take action based on the found knowledge. you insist that they continue to be uneducated and then call my advice dangerous. a great laugh indeed.if you must have the last word im done., Resolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 10:57 am -04:00,in IDLE click File travel down to Open and click that. now you must locate the a1.py that you downloaded; i cant help you with that really but its probably in My Downloads or similar., Resolved,0
Sunday September 1st 2013 3:58 am -04:00,it takes a number as a parameter. the lecture videos demonstrate calling functions. be sure not to quote the parameter given as that will cause python to treat it as a literal string which means it wont dereference the variable.load up yout python interpreter (presumably IDLE) and try the function out yourself interactively., Resolved,0
Sunday September 1st 2013 4:10 am -04:00,you just use the function call as a parameter. or you can store the result of the function call in a variable then use that variable name as the parameter for to_24_hour_clock(), Resolved,0
Sunday September 1st 2013 4:17 am -04:00,have you tried it in the Python Visualizer? i think youll see whats going on that way.EDITalso remember not to post your code in the forums. not even a tiny snippet of it. it violates the honor code but unfortunately i can not find an official reference., Resolved,0
Sunday September 1st 2013 7:12 am -04:00,Thats good to know. I was just regurgitating from other threads which demonstrated the same principle. The code was nonworking yet users were still urged not to post it. Perhaps this should be made more immediately evident on the forum itself., Resolved,0
Sunday September 1st 2013 6:20 am -04:00,You sshould see from  the python visualiser that your variables are either unbound or pointing to the wrong data. Try again., Resolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 6:10 am -04:00,raw_input() is no longer a method in python3.x., Unresolved,1
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 10:21 am -04:00,Students who have more advanced knowledge of computers and programming may be interested in more powerful ways to interact with python programs.Here are some optionsEmacsVimSublime TextTextmateiPythonAs this thread presupposes an existing competence level (because youre advanced users) I will not be covering installation instructions. Emacs Vim and Sublime Text are all available on Windows Mac OSX and Linux; Textmate is for Mac OSX only.Please provide your own awesome tips and tricks to add to this thread!Ive just switched to Emacs myself and Im absolutely loving it. I was a long-time Vim user but the migration to Emacs was surprisingly simple. In just 5 minutes I was able to get Emacs running with an iPython frame directly beside my script!Heres how I did itIf you want to use ipythonInstall ipython.GenericYou may try to install ipython with the pip command on the commandline for Linux and Mac OSX.pip is a Python package manager.It may be available through your system package manager or you can try the installation instructions.LinuxDebian and derivatives use apt-get on the commandline.Ubuntu and derivatives like LinuxMint use Synaptic Package Manager GUI or apt-get on the commandline.ArchLinux uses pacman on the commandline.Fedora uses PackageKit GUI or yum on the commandline.OpenSuSE uses YaST GUI or zypper on the commandline.Mac OSXTODO: Perhaps there are easier instructions for this.You might try these instructions but your mileage may vary. Watch out for version differences! Remember we use the latest python-3.3.Note that these instructions include a lot of superfluous steps related to setting up a Python environment with modules for scientific work. You should have no need for those parts so dont get caught up in those steps.You probably already have Python installed as well so skip to the other bits.homebrew is a really cool utility for Mac OSX.WindowsTODO: Fill out these instructions more completely.You may try the installation instructions for pip and from there use pip to install ipython. I havent used Windows in a very long time so cant help with this yet.Make sure its executable is in your environments $PATH (Linux MacOSX) or %PATH% (Windows)For Linux if you used your systems package manager ipython should already be available as /usr/bin/ipython or /usr/local/bin/ipython.Emacs setupInstall Emacs24.Create a directory in your users home called .emacs.d (on linux mkdir ~/.emacs.d).Launch Emacs.Type C-x C-f ~/.emacs.d/init.el RETYou might be asked to Confirm this if the file does not yet exist. Hit RET.Add the following to the buffer.;; MELPA repository(add-to-list package-archives    (melpa . http://melpa.milkbox.net/packages/) t)Type M-x package-initialize RETWith your cursor on the last closing parenthesis type C-x C-eYou should see the following text in the echo area at the bottom of your Emacs window.((melpa http://melpa.milkbox.net/packages/))Type M-x package-install RET elpy RETThis should download the elpy package and all its dependencies.If you dont like the frame that popped up type C-x 1If you are not in the buffer containing your init.el file use C-x b to get it back.Add the following to the buffer containing your init.el file.;; elpy with ipython(eval-after-load python    (progn        (elpy-enable)        (elpy-use-ipython)))Omit (elpy-use-ipython) if you want to use the standard python interpreter.Eval that with C-x C-e like in step 7.Use C-x C-f to open or create a python script (a file ending in .py).Use C-x 3 to give yourself two vertical frames.Use C-x o to switch to the other frame.Use M-x run-python to launch a python shell in the current buffer.NOTESEmacs TipsRET means the return or enter keyC-key means to hold ctrl and press key then release bothM-key means to hold alt and press key then release bothRemember to use C-x b to switch to different buffers and filesTry C-x C-b to get a list of open buffersC-n and C-p scroll the cursor down and up respectivelyC-f and C-b move the cursor forward and backward respectively.M-f and M-b move the cursor forward and backward respectively in larger steps.Remember to use C-x C-f to open (and even create) new filesUse M-x make-directory if you created a file with C-x C-f in a nonexistant directory (folder in Windows)Save your files! C-x s and C-x C-sMy .emacs.dThis is awesome! I wrote this whole post in Emacs24 using markdown-mode!Please feel free to ask questions and note mistakes in my post. And please share your own awesome tips for setting up a sweet Python development environment with other tools!Other ResourcesSome nice resources for learning about EmacsVideo series and tutorialsHack EmacsEmacs RocksEmacs BitesEmacs Movies.EmacsEmacsWiki ScreencastsBlogs and other text-based materialsLearn Emacs in 15 MinutesMastering EmacsEmacs Reference CardwhattheemacsdHow to Learn EmacsEmacs ManualSome resources about ViMViMcasts suggested by Jim Monty, Resolved,2
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 2:40 pm -04:00,Yeah LightTable is really cool but I cant justify promoting it because its so new and just barely got python support a matter of weeks ago. The focus here is on ways to upgrade your python development environment with proven power tools.I encourage anyone interested to check it out at LightTable, Resolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 3:00 pm -04:00,Im sorry you must be confused about what a Real Programmer is =], Resolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 3:07 pm -04:00,However Steven if you have some nice vim textmate or sublimetext tips to share then please contribute. I will be maintaining the top post daily and rewrite all submissions in full markdown and put them in the OP if they fit the spirit of the thread., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 4:28 pm -04:00,A classic! and another from the elderwebs at c2 thread marked as resolved as well; i had a flippin fit trying to get the markdown to survive in the forums so totally whifed the resolve thread button. but what do you mean? you dont want to get on-the-minute updates of this thread or something?!, Resolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 4:44 pm -04:00,i havent used Windows for many years so i know nothing meaningful about notepad++; if youve got some nice tips send them my way. ill format them nicely for the thread.as for gedit. well itll get the job done too. lacks the strong community of contributing users that the above listed editors flaunt though which makes it a tough candidate for Power Tool status. otherwise its a very capable editor; as well geany and kate are essentially equivalent to gedit in the same sense that Sublime Text (2) Textmate and ViM are all essentially equivalent in the same sense that every turing-complete language is essentially equivalent ;]i cant put Emacs in the same category though. Its a step far and above being just an editor. Its more of a complete language-agnostic IDE instead simply waiting on people to teach it how to read each languages syntax keywords and constructs and documentation. Being able to run an asynchronous process inside Emacs has opened doors I will never be able to close; having my program source code checked on the fly for style syntax and typing errors dynamically (that is in realtime in the background but not static analysis) whether the language is interpreted (like python) or compiled (like C++) is such a huge benefit. not to mention being able to send the current expression or entire buffer (read: file) straight to a running interpreter and start calling my functions to test them out!ive only been using Emacs for a week and i already feel like a converted zealot. hmph., Resolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 5:43 am -04:00,no problem i hope you enjoy the newfound power!, Resolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 5:45 am -04:00,thanks ive added your suggestion. i used vimcasts last year to learn some new vim tricks myself! i was distraught when drew stopped working on them for many months as he held expensive workshops instead., Resolved,1
Wednesday September 4th 2013 5:39 am -04:00,these are specialized programming environments; while that may be considered a power tool to some they do not fit the theme of this thread which encompasses generic workflows and has been narrowed down to some python specific tips (since i thought i would share my python configuration).ninjaide is yet another language-specific development platform; in that regard one might even suggest netbeans or eclipse or one of the other myriad IDE for one language with other language features bolted on as an afterthought.aptana is alright but under the radar and targeted towards web development.visual studio is so vendor-specific as to not be even worth mentioning; its a lock-in trap and i would discourage even the brightest of programmers from answering its siren call.pyscripter again is specific to python and also specific to windows. the only reason im (arbitrarily) giving textmate a pass on its OSX-only-compatibility is because its a greatly extensible language-agnostic editor with a rabid fanbase of users. (though i believe sublimetext is stealing them)if you want to pass your suggestions on where they will be more favoured i invite you to open your own thread =], Resolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 3:11 am -04:00,theres a +Comment button under posts.i write forum posts in markdown mode in a separate editor and convert it to html with markdown or pandoc before posting it here. it seems like the `MD`  mode of the coursera editor swallows up a lot of valid syntax.code blocks are not colored; you use <pre><code> to get one of these. it preformats which retains all of your whitespace and linebreaks.for inline code that is colored use <code> without <pre> or try markdown mode. markdown is described in the link below the forum editor if you click the `MD`  button.        , Unresolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 7:33 am -04:00,upgrade to a programmers editor instead., Unresolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 9:20 am -04:00,yes well i know you can make such features permanent in various editors; id recommend switching to one of those as it seems you are sufficiently advanced beyond the point of needing IDLE to hold your hand. some of what youre describing sounds like a bug or two. settings should be retained between sessions so perhaps a feature request on the upstream bugtracker is in order?have a look here to see if perhaps its been a noted issue so far and if not perhaps submit a bug/feature request =], Unresolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 9:26 am -04:00,sounds like the in-browser scripts are hanging; maybe you can clear your cache and cookies and all that nonsense to clean things up and try again. else try firefox; it uses a different engine for both rendering and javascript so might muscle through for you.finally this might help in case your network connection is being shoddy between home and the remote server evaluating your python code., Resolved,0
Thursday September 5th 2013 4:22 am -04:00,This is a medium-length article describing some style guidelines that you may want to keep in mind when writing Python code. It details some coding habits for Python which will be good to have in mind as you begin your journey into programming with the Python language.Just thought Id drop it off here; there doesnt appear to be a proper subforum., Unresolved,1
