Sunday September 1st 2013 12:21 am -04:00,I ran each one through Idle.I get syntax error.I get one that produces the second Canada response but not the firstI get The first Canada and then the word None in place of the second Canada.and I get a syntax error for the other option.None produce Canada Canada.I took the test twice and picked the two options that dont syntax out. Neither is right., Unresolved,0
Sunday September 1st 2013 2:17 am -04:00,WooHoo! I was a bit disappointed with the fake madlib exercise but when I was watching the input out put I knew I could make a real one.I grabbed an example from wikipedia and started punching away. Lets see if I can copy past it here for people. (try pasting in a line at a time and hitting return each line starting with Madlib the last one is the whole last block of code).madlib_section1= ! he said madlib_section2=  as he jumped into his convertable madlib_section3=  and drove off with his madlib_section4=  wife.madlib= print(input(exclaimation) + madlib_section1 + input (adjictive) + madlib_section2 + input (noun) + madlib_section3 + input (adjictive) + madlib_section4)This would be more fun if I could figure out a way around the one line at a time and if I could do all the sections in one post. I suppose Ill get there.,None,0
Sunday September 1st 2013 4:47 am -04:00,thats a bit confusing but I think I get what you are saying.Is there a reason to break up the last section?Ive been thinking on it some and I think what I might end up doing is start the program with an input request for play or create. resulting in pulling up one of two options: answer prompts with parts of speech and get a madlib from a stored madlib or get prompts asking for a chunk of quote stopping before the word you want left blank then prompting for that words part of speech then another block of text another word ect. with up to twelve options for break points and word prompts. and setting a the end option to stop short of the total number. then save it as a script. I cant wait to figure out some rudimentary interfaces. This could easily be done with text boxes in a little window.,None,0
Monday September 2nd 2013 5:05 am -04:00,lolThe base 60 math that leaves us with sixty minutes to an hour and such caused me much headache this evening. The math errors kept my code from working and I just couldnt make it fix itself. I tried so many changes and adjustments. It seems Id get really close and then whoops suddenly they all come out as thousandths and I have to back to get it less wrong but still not right.In the end it seemed to always come down to order of operation manipulations and number adjusting to fit a new order. Id say I lost a good hour and fourty five minutes to this sort of frustration.thats 6300 seconds for those still counting. lol,None,1
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 1:20 pm -04:00,Oh no I had it worked out before the first post I was mostly just making fun of the problem after the fact. what likely would have been an hour and twenty minutes of coding had turned into four hours littered with salty language trying to figure out why one part was 0.037 off and one was 0.21 off but the other was right but when I fixed one of the wrong ones now the other wrong on was 2.14 off and the one that had been right was now 1.0083 off.if it had been a simple decimal calculation instead of that fool base 60 stuff of the sumerians it would have be easy. but in the end it was an order of operation thing.,None,0
Monday September 16th 2013 3:56 am -04:00,ERROR: NameErrorglobal name dna is not definedon valid sequence. it errors on all four parameters. but in my copy of python it get all the results right.and earlier on in contains sequence at beggining I get:Message:FAILURE: AssertionErrorFalse is not true : Have you tested your function where dna2 appears at the beginning of dna1?but I have tried both of the sequences I used and they worked., Unresolved,0
Monday September 16th 2013 4:18 am -04:00,the thing I dont understand is how I can restart shell run the code and get all the right answers but when I use it to submit I get these responses of dna not defined.as to the second the first code I ran was dna1.find(dna2)>0 the second was dna1.find(dna2)>=1 the third I ran was dna2 in dna1., Unresolved,0
Monday September 16th 2013 4:11 am -04:00,I think Im done trying to work with this course. Clearly its not suited to my learning style. I may dabble in python on the side in the future as Ive had some success with tinkering and learning on my own projects but Im done trying to follow this.I actually do fairly well on the exercises havent failed one yet. But the lecture style just gets me confused and the assignments just make me annoyed with their mathmatic word problem structure. I cant ever tell whats wrong because half the time I misunderstand the goal and the other half of the time it seems like I get the right results consistently but the feedback thinks I should have done it another way or disagrees with my copy of python.Ill watch the rest of the course to see if there is anything of use to me to pick up.,None,2
Monday September 16th 2013 4:30 am -04:00,Im trying to be fair about this course. Perhaps for some people it would work but not for me. Ive taken over eight other courses here on coursera and only two did I not pass. Both of which I enjoyed immensely. One is mainly because I cant write music worth spit. (but apparently Im pretty good at lyrics and poetry). and the other was computer issues during two submission deadlines. (But I built a prototype set of mechanical arms and would gladly take the course over and over again pass or not).It just seems to me that this is almost more of a how to talk about coding in python. I learned more in the afternoon I I dabbled in making code for actual madlibs and the tinkering with code to convert metric to imperial based on the F to C temp code. I might tinker with riddles and knock knock jokes for some of the other techniques.Thats the tricks for me. Suggest something to try give me a bare bones set of templates and let me stretch and push them til they break and then give me a set of points to figure out why it broke and wher to apply the duct tape. lol. I just cant learn but encyclopedia entry readings and word problems. especially without a glossary and experimental context.For me this method might actually be impedeing my ability to learn python. But like I said it may just be a learning style difference.,None,0
Monday September 16th 2013 4:34 am -04:00,that ones on my lists. Im not done with python but I think Ill stick to playing with it on the side until I find a course style that works better for me or have the chance to learn by doing on my own. The rice class does seem like it might be better suited to me but having not actually done it I cant say for sure yet.In the mean time Ive got a course on C# that started today to occupy me and I think the frustrations I had here would have only slowed that down and made me avoid python in the future.,None,0
