Monday August 19th 2013 6:59 pm -04:00,FYI your firewalls are probably objecting because pythonw.exe attempts to connect to 127.0.0.1 the loopback adapter.  If you tweak your firewall rules to allow it youll be fine., Resolved,1
Tuesday August 20th 2013 2:20 pm -04:00,Might have been better to add: Without changing the order of the numbers rewrite the expression...  etc.  It makes the point a lot clearer., Resolved,3
Monday August 19th 2013 7:49 pm -04:00,In a number of languages data can be passed to a function in one of two ways:  by value or by reference.  Passing by value means you pass a copy of a variable in a different memory location to the function leaving the original unchanged.  Passing by reference really passes the address of the original memory location to the function so that any modifications to the variable in the function change the data in the original memory location.There are reasons to pass variables both ways (which are way too involved to discuss here) but suffice it to say that storing the memory location - the pointer - instead of the actual data in the variable you gain this flexibility., Approved Resolved,0
Monday August 19th 2013 8:12 pm -04:00,Depending upon the language and operating system you can read and write to just about any part of memory you want.  It isnt so much a question of cannot be used but SHOULDNT be used.  Inadvertantly writing to the wrong part of memory is one of the best ways to crash a program or even a whole computer., Resolved,1
Monday August 19th 2013 8:08 pm -04:00,Theyre just arbitrary examples.Memory addresses are typically given in hexadecimal (base 16) notation.  Usually youll see something like 0x00001AB9.  The 0x notation indicates the number following is in hexadecimal.  Hexadecimal or hex digits are 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 A B C D E F.  The letters A through F represent the values 10 through 15.  Hexadecimal is used because it translates to and from binary quite easily.  Four binary bits (called a nibble) can represent any value from 0 to 15 so two hex digits can represent the value of one byte.I wouldnt worry overmuch about memory addresses at this point.  Most high-level languages like Python take care of keeping track of memory for you though in more advanced programming directly manipulating memory can be quite useful (and dangerous!!)., Resolved,6
Tuesday August 20th 2013 5:27 pm -04:00,Essentially correct.  Just like any math student learns that 5 + -6 is the same as 5 - 6 and 5 - -6 is the same as 5 + 6., Resolved,3
Tuesday August 20th 2013 6:44 am -04:00,Theres a whole discussion of it here: https://class.coursera.org/programming1-002/forum/thread?thread_id=276 , Resolved,0
Tuesday August 20th 2013 2:29 pm -04:00,In a nutshell you pass arguments to the parameters of a function., Resolved,2
Tuesday August 20th 2013 2:12 pm -04:00,Give it a few weeks.  I took a basic statistics class earlier this year through Coursera and the first week or two was pretty easy.  By week three that all changed markedly.  Even if it is relatively easy you still may learn something., Resolved Locked,1
Tuesday August 20th 2013 2:50 pm -04:00,Good point but version control software does provide a measure of safety (I use Subversion myself).  If you want to experiment a bit and really screw things up (or just decide you dont like what you did) you can blow away your working copy and check out a fresh copy.Version control software really isnt that hard to learn., Unresolved,0
Tuesday August 20th 2013 2:38 pm -04:00,Probably stands for output.  The -1 -2 and 1 are the results of the respective expressions., Resolved,0
Tuesday August 20th 2013 5:37 pm -04:00,Not sure about the enrollment bit but to see certificates you have earned hover your mouse over your name in the upper right and select Course Records., Resolved,0
Thursday August 22nd 2013 8:26 pm -04:00,Make room for the old man kids.  Pushin 49 here.  Anyone seen my rocking chair?Been tinkering all my life with computers since way back in the 8-bit days.  My first personal computer had 16384 bytes of memory though I did programming on some with only 8K.  Some of the programming languages Ive picked up:BASIC (does anyone know what this is anymore?)A little COBOLC++VBAVisual Basic (no it isnt related to BASIC)JavaJavascriptT-SQLIm also working on learning R.  And Python of course.,None,3
Saturday August 24th 2013 5:10 pm -04:00,Cool.  I was beginning to wonder if I would have to keep these young whippersnappers in line all by myself ;-),None,0
Monday August 26th 2013 8:19 pm -04:00,working on such limited machine you had to think about good algorithm and keep every byte of memoryIts something that needs doing even now and is sadly lacking in these days of gigabytes of RAM and terabytes of storage.  We sent men to the moon and back on 64 KILOBYTES of memory.  Modern languages and development environments alleviate a lot of the burden from programmers but dont use memory and resources just because you can.  Develop good habits at the start.,None,0
Thursday August 29th 2013 7:44 pm -04:00,Maybe we ought to start an Old Fogies Study Group just for fun.  The motto:  Weve got a lot of bytes behind us but the best bits are still ahead!You are now free to groan...,None,0
Friday September 6th 2013 7:47 pm -04:00,+1 to Tom!!  Too funny.,None,0
Monday August 26th 2013 8:05 pm -04:00,Suggest away!!  Seriously.  One of the hallmarks of a great developer - notice I dont say programmer - is the willingness to continually learn and improve no matter the language.  You will NEVER know everything there is to know about computers and IT - it is far too complex and ever-changing these days.  Anyone really can learn to program it isnt that difficult a skill.  Part of being a developer means you need to be aware of and learn about emerging technologies you may be asked to code for.,None,1
Wednesday August 21st 2013 7:56 pm -04:00,Michiel:If Im understanding your question correctly then yes and no.  You are correct that ultimately all programs boil down to an instruction set used to control the chips and processors on a given computer.  However getting from a high-level language like Python down to assembler or machine code is a pretty involved process which includes knowing the processor and the operating system (to say nothing of the different versions of each) as well as the particulars of whatever languages youre working with.  Over time things like interpreters and compilers have been created to alleviate the programmer from having to worry about all that.While you might be able to create something to translate source code from one language to another there are certain functions or concepts in one language that may not be present in another.  For example object oriented languages have classes and objects.  Other languages do not.  Its a completely different programming paradigm so getting a non-object-oriented language to do exactly what a program written in a object-oriented language would be extremely difficult.,None,3
Wednesday August 21st 2013 7:29 pm -04:00,Python seems to be a little different from many languages in that variables arent as tightly bound to the data types they represent (dynamic typing).  In C++ you can declare a pointer which yes holds the memory address of another memory location in its own memory location.  The pointer has its own address.Its a little confusing and seems wasteful at first but pointers are very useful things.  They can also cause problems since they can point just about anywhere - at least in C/C++.  Python variables appear to work as a kinder gentler form of pointer.Im new to Python but its likely a variable stores the memory address of what it points to in its own memory location with its own address., Resolved,0
Wednesday August 21st 2013 7:15 pm -04:00,Alexander makes an excellent suggestion and it also allows more flexibility in using your function(s).  In most cases youre better off assigning the result of your function to a variable and then processing it.  Say for example you want your results displayed a certain way you can write a specific printing function with formatting etc. and pass the values you want printed as arguments.  So the results of many different functions can have a consistent display format and you only have to re-write your print/display function instead of re-writing many functions that print directly., Resolved,0
Saturday August 24th 2013 5:26 pm -04:00,Depends on what you mean by easy.  Compared to some other languages Ive used Python is rather simple as you dont have to declare data types for parameters and return values.  It makes writing a function a little easier but on the other hand the dynamic typing of Python variables could cause your function to throw an error if you mistakenly assign the wrong data type to a variable passed as an argument (say a string when your function expects an integer)., Resolved,1
Wednesday August 21st 2013 8:58 pm -04:00,Trying to wrap my head around something here.  (Apologies to those new to programming if you get lost in this.  Forgive a cranky old geek a little techno-babble).Im new to Python and dynamically-typed languages in general so I want to see if Im understanding this.  Python variables store the memory location of the data they represent acting like a soft pointer (soft in the sense you dont have to explicitly declare it as a pointer with a given data type as in C/C++).  Got that.Where it gets a little sticky for me is with passing variables to functions.  If I pass variable x pointing to value 10 (integer) to function fn(x) what occurs is the address contained by variable x - the address of the value 10 - is passed to parameter x of function fn.In C/C++ passing a value by its address means whatever you do affects the original value as opposed to passing by value which creates a copy and leaves the original unchanged.  If fn(x) is defined as:>>>def fn(x):    x = x + 1    return x>>>x = 10>>>fn(x)11I get the result 11 however the 11 is stored at a different memory address than my original argument 10.  So it appears that even though I am passing the memory address of the value 10 to parameter x of fn(x) parameter x is dereferenced 1 is added and the result stored in a new memory address and then x in the function is updated with the memory address of the result which is returned back to the caller.  Since I didnt reassign variable x to the result of fn(x) (i.e. x = f(x)) variable x still points to the memory address of 10 which contains 10 instead of 11 as it would were we using C/C++.So it looks like Python implicitly dereferences variables even when passed as arguments to functions correct?  This also begs the question is there a way to pass by reference or address so that a function operates on the data in the original memory address?, Resolved,0
Thursday August 22nd 2013 7:43 pm -04:00,Ive taught myself and written programs in several languages going way back to good old BASIC and a bit before (EGAD do I feel old - well maybe when I mention my high school programming class used punch cards until they finally bought an Apple IIe ;-) so local vs global variables is something well understood.  Im trying to understand a little better whats going on in memory (when all you had was 8192 bytes you made sure you knew what was happening where).Im used to the concept that when an address is passed to a function the function operates on the value stored at that address and can actually change it.  So an equivalent C++ function to what I wrote earlier when the argument is passed by address would change the value in the original address from 10 to 11.Your example makes me think Python variables act something like an instance of a variable class.  I guess some of my previous programming experience is actually getting in the way a little proof positive that even veterans can learn from a fundamentals class!!, Resolved,0
Monday August 26th 2013 8:56 pm -04:00,The print() function sends data to a stream (dont worry about what that is) which by default is what is known as the standard output stream which displays the data in the Shell.  It doesnt go into a memory location and you cant re-use it.  So even though you SEE the result in the shell you cant do anything with it.Try executing print(sum(1 3)) in the shell and youll get both 4 and None.  4 is the value displayed as a result of the print(num1 + num2) statement in the sum() function and None is the result of the sum() function., Unresolved,3
Tuesday August 27th 2013 8:13 pm -04:00,The question is quite fair because its also teaching some concepts ABSOLUTELY CRITICAL to anyone who wants to program especially for a living.  First youre required to read and understand design requirements.  Second you have to read and understand the documentation for the functions involved including input parameters and data types and output data and types.  Third you need to think about program flow or what happens in what order.  Finally it demonstrated argument passing between functions.Programming isnt just about learning syntax.  Its also about learning a methodology to break down a problem into discrete units and creating concise clear code that executes cleanly and can be understood and maintained by other programmers., Unresolved,6
Tuesday August 27th 2013 8:58 pm -04:00,Modulo with negative numbers is a tricky concept even in mathematics per se let alone computing.  Python takes The Price Is Right approach to modulo as in closest to but not higher than.  The closest integer less than -1 evenly divisible by 24 is -24 and the difference between -24 and -1 is 23.  Not every programming language does it this way., Resolved,4
Tuesday August 27th 2013 7:53 pm -04:00,The input() function pauses execution until the user presses Enter/Return.  It isnt *totally* useless in the shell but yes it is much more useful when running code.  A function should always return something even if it is a code that indicates successful execution so its a good idea to capture the return value for later use/evaluation.  If something goes wrong during execution a return code gives you the chance to send a message to the user with diagnostic information and possibly exit your program gracefully as we say in the development world.  That means things like releasing memory closing open files flushing buffers etc.In most code you write you create functions so you can re-use the logic at multiple places and youre very likely to want to do something else with the results of a function so youre pretty much either going to store it somewhere (variable) or send the result as an argument to another function., Unresolved,0
Tuesday August 27th 2013 8:48 pm -04:00,Strings are a sequence usually of characters but not always.  Quotes arent part of a string (unless escaped).  Quotes are what is known as delimiters for a string in some programming languages.  They indicate to the interpreter or compiler that everything in between is part of the string literal.  Delimiters occur in pairs.  Everything in between a matched set of delimiters should be considered as a unit in this case the sequence of characters comprising the text string.  With multiple sets of delimiters known as nested delimiters generally work from the innermost pair outwards.  Python has the additional concept that single-quotes can be used in addition to double-quotes as string delimiters.  This gives the flexibility to include single- or double-quotes as part of the string without having to specifically escape each quote character.I dont know if Python does or not but in many languages strings are actually arrays of characters terminated by the \0 sequence or possibly a null character.Theres some relatively advanced concepts in the above but hopefully it will clear up some misconceptions about strings.  If you dont get it now hang in there youll pick it up with practice!, Resolved,3
Tuesday August 27th 2013 9:07 pm -04:00,Ramon:Youre getting there.  Hint: Youll use longer() once and get_capital() twice.  Stay with it!, Resolved,2
Wednesday August 28th 2013 9:20 pm -04:00,Ill second Pauls motion and add that IT professionals (programmers included) do it all the time when theyre stuck.  Theyll ask other professionals for their ideas or fire up Google to find others who have faced the same issue., Resolved,3
Thursday August 29th 2013 7:20 pm -04:00,Him:The example is showing you an algorithm simply an ordered method of performing a task.  Before you write one line of code (for ANY program) you need to understand WHAT youre trying to do (the problem domain) and HOW to go about doing it (the algorithm).There are several possible algorithms to use for this assignment.  Some are shorter and more efficient than others.  Find one you can understand and THEN figure out how to code it., Resolved,0
Wednesday August 28th 2013 7:55 pm -04:00,Aaron:You are entirely correct.  The explanations are not merely unclear they are utterly incorrect.  The input parameter for get_seconds() is the total number of seconds since midnight.  To return the total number of elapsed seconds since midnight per the instructions you would simply return the input value which will be greater than 59 once you hit 12:01 am.Obviously the point of these functions is to break down the total seconds since midnight into the various parts of the hh:mm:ss format which range from 0:00:00 to 23:59:59.  However the listed instructions do not correctly describe that., Unresolved,2
Wednesday August 28th 2013 9:27 pm -04:00,Awesome!!  Dont be timid about this kind of thing.  And youre not over-thinking.  Part of writing good code is creating it in such a way that unexpected uses dont necessarily bring it to a crashing halt.  Trust me from years of experience with computers in general:  NEVER assume Oh no one will ever do THAT.  They will., Resolved,0
Wednesday August 28th 2013 9:39 pm -04:00,+1 to Jim.  I would only add that there is no single way to code the functions.  Though like Jim my code wound up being no more than a single return statement for several functions I went through a few iterations to get there.Sometimes you write code that is really longer than absolutely necessary to help you think through the steps then go back through it and realize theres a shortcut or an algorithm you hadnt considered.  If your code executes correctly youre doing it right even though your code may be longer than someone elses., Pinned Resolved,13
Wednesday August 28th 2013 9:54 pm -04:00,I mentioned this in another thread but started a topic to highlight it.  The descriptions given for the get_minutes() and get_seconds() functions in Step 5 are completely inaccurate.This is the description for the get_seconds() function:The parameter is a number of seconds since midnight. Return the number of seconds that have elapsed since midnight as seen on a clock. (This means that the return value should be in the range 0 to 59 inclusive.)If the input parameter is the number of seconds since midnight then one only has to return the input parameter unchanged to return the number of seconds that have elapsed since midnight.  Of course this will go far beyond 59 once you get to 12:01 am or later.  It should really be stating to return the value of the number of seconds since the beginning of the current minute of the current hour since midnight (or something like that).Similar comments for the get_minute description., Unresolved,2
Thursday August 29th 2013 6:57 pm -04:00,Actually Charles all three functions can be written using nothing more than integer division and modulo operators using the equivalencies among the various units of time.And the point still stands:  The number of seconds since midnight is the number of seconds since midnight no matter what kind of clock youre using.  The get_seconds() function should not return the number of seconds since midnight.  It should return the seconds portion of the time when the number of seconds since midnight is considered as hours minutes and seconds., Unresolved,0
Thursday August 29th 2013 9:37 pm -04:00,I know what you mean.  Modern PCs generate time by offsets from a serial base date or time.   Thats probably why Im being a little picky on this because its so fundamental not only in programming but in many other areas of IT and computing as well., Unresolved,0
Thursday August 29th 2013 9:45 pm -04:00,What they said.  Programming isnt just about writing code., Unresolved,0
Thursday August 29th 2013 9:52 pm -04:00,Cyclic redundancy checks in serial communications rely heavily on modulo arithmetic as does the aforementioned cryptography.Many barcode symbologies (such as those ubiquitous QR codes) use modulo when encoding data., Resolved,0
Thursday August 29th 2013 7:09 pm -04:00,Youve got the idea Anna.  One tiny correction:  The variable result was assigned a value of None with a data type of NoneType.  Basically this is Pythons way of saying nothing was returned from a function.  I imagine theres a way to test for that so a program can detect it deal with it gracefully and move on without throwing an error.Its good practice to make sure your functions return something even if the entire job is to print something on the screen., Unresolved,0
Thursday August 29th 2013 7:38 pm -04:00,number means the value could be either float or int (i.e. numeric) but not a string literal or other non-numeric types.  Python is strongly-typed: If you attempt to pass a string even one composed entirely of numbers to a function expecting a numeric value youll get an error.  A string literal is a sequence of characters delimited (enclosed by) either single- or double-quotes in your code.  It cant be changed by anyone executing your code.For a function parameter you could use a function call that returns a float or integer an actual float or integer or a variable that points to a float or int., Unresolved,4
Saturday August 31st 2013 9:50 am -04:00,The basic problem here is given hours minutes and seconds combine them into a single number representing the number of hours.Hint:  Dont write a single line of code until you can do the above using a calculator.  Creating an algorithm and writing code to implement it are two different skills.  Its very easy to get caught up in trying to figure out the code before you really understand what youre trying to do., Unresolved,0
Saturday August 31st 2013 10:05 am -04:00,to_24_hour_clock has nothing to do with the problem being asked. Not exactly true.  Although you dont need it you can use it.  Also the code for to_24_hour_clock() demonstrates a principle that is very useful for get_hours().  Both functions should return EXACTLY the same result but they have different input parameters.  If you think carefully the to_24_hour_clock() function writes about half the code needed for the get_hours() function.What most folks are struggling with is not writing the code.  Its finding the right algorithm to use., Resolved,2
Friday September 6th 2013 8:50 pm -04:00,With respect to #1:>>> def collatz(seed):    while seed != 1:        print (seed)        seed = (seed//2 if x%2 == 0 else 3*x + 1)    print(1),None,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 8:31 pm -04:00,Just to add I think Jennifer made an excellent point that sometimes adding parentheses helps readability even when not strictly necessary.  And there are those times when I get lazy about looking up precedence and just add them so I know EXACTLY how my statement will execute no matter what.,None,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 8:51 pm -04:00,Im asking based on the first question on Quiz 4 of Lecture 2 not the second question.Logically NONE of the sentences describe the expression because the values of the variables math_grade bio_grade and cs_grade are never given (Im working from the PDF of the quizzes so maybe somethings different there).  All it says is that these variables represent a students grades.EDIT: Looking at it again this question is badly worded or maybe displayed.  Using an expression to try and indicate the values assigned to the variables is not a good idea and very confusing.  Boolean expressions test conditions and values they dont indicate them., Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 8:27 pm -04:00,Im going with Anonymous on this at least in general.  Its not absolutely wrong to use multiple exit points but it is definitely one of those things that should be used for a very definite reason and sparingly at that., Resolved,0
Friday September 6th 2013 7:37 pm -04:00,In all seriousness Inese what you did is what professional programmers and developers do all the time.  If they cant figure it out they look around on the web for others who have faced similar situations.Willingness to learn is a sign of a great coder and something professionals look for when hiring.  Most pros would rather hire someone who has basic skills but is teachable rather than the skilled know-it-all., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 9:07 pm -04:00,Its printing 4 to the screen.  The variable result is not being assigned 4.  Tryresult = sum(1 3)print(result), Unresolved,0
Friday September 6th 2013 7:26 pm -04:00,Another FALSE here.  Be curious as to where youre getting True from., Resolved,0
Friday September 6th 2013 7:13 pm -04:00,>= and == are both comparison operators.  8 = dollars should return an error., Resolved,0
Friday September 6th 2013 7:07 pm -04:00,One of the best pieces of advice youll get from pros on the Internet is: Resolve to learn one new thing every day.  Whether you learn one language or many adhering to that simple concept will serve you well.  Mastery is a journey not a destination.Not to diminish Alains excellent posts in any way I would only add that beyond learning just syntax is learning the skill of thinking through a problem domain as it was termed in Assignment 1 and how to go about coding it.  Once you get the knack of breaking down tasks into concrete steps you can by and large code it in any language though some languages are better suited than others for certain tasks.  Some languages are geared toward Web development some toward creating and maintaining databases and others are more general-purpose.  As you grow and learn youll have more tools in the toolbelt.,None,1
Sunday September 29th 2013 6:56 pm -04:00,Believeit or not Python is the best language for beginners to learn and forprofessionals for developing any soft wares they want.Python is certainly good for beginners. but it is simply not the best for developing any software a professional wants.  ALL programming languages have their strengths and weaknesses and are better suited for certain situations.Try developing a dimensionally-modeled relational database capable of processing millions of lines of data from disparate data sources across multiple server instances in Python and youre going to fall flat on your face.  SQL was designed for that sort of thing and does it far better.Professional programmers know how to learn not memorize.  Programming is NOT memorizing syntax., Resolved,0
Monday September 9th 2013 6:54 pm -04:00,Kind of an overall request for the assignments.  I do a lot of the class work offline for various reasons and it it would be helpful to have the Assignment handouts in PDF format as well.  Not absolutely necessary just a thought., Unresolved,1
Wednesday September 11th 2013 7:48 pm -04:00,Ah 8-bit computing...those were the days...(sigh).Oh sorry.  Waxing a bit nostalgic there.I normally break the questions down line by line in plain english to get my head around how to do it and then translate that into pythonExcellent idea., Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 7:58 pm -04:00,A stack is just an ordered grouping of things with rules about how things get added and taken out.  There are different types of stacks.  A LIFO stack often referred to as a push-down pop-up stack or just pop stack is where only the last item added can be accessed or last in first out.  Its like those things that hold stack plates in cafeterias.  You place a whole bunch of plates on top but you can only take the top one off.There are FIFO (first-in first-out) stacks often called queues or queue stacks.  As elements get added they cannot be accessed/removed until all previously added elements have been removed just like a line at a movie theater.A call stack: is the way a particular programming language tracks which functions have been called and in what order so the results from a given function get returned to the correct place., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 7:26 pm -04:00,Im a little vague on some concepts in python but Id hazard a guess that white_rabbit is an instance of a string object.  In object-oriented programming an instance of an object has all the methods of the class it is created from.  The .lower() method is defined within the string class and any object created from the string class automatically can use that method.  Sowhite_rabbit.lower()is invoking the lower() method of the white_rabbit object returning the string all in all lower case.str is a built-in type in Python.  I may be saying this wrong but types seem to be more of a generic class.  The str.lower() syntax can be applied to any string supplied as an argument while the white_rabbit.lower() works on the white_rabbit object itself.Object-oriented programming can be a mite confusing at first but is quite elegant once you get used to it., Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 7:36 pm -04:00,Konrad:Look at the parameters in the function definition.  What information do each of those two parameters represent?  Compare that with the function call examples in the docstring.  Also re-read the description given in the Assignment handout.Parameters are intended to be used within the function body.  Use them., Resolved,1
Wednesday September 11th 2013 7:36 pm -04:00,This isnt a loop you need to break out of.  Your loop should iterate over the entire string and terminate on its own., Resolved,0
Wednesday September 11th 2013 7:32 pm -04:00,Gonna take a wild guess here:  Pay attention to your indentations especially with conditionals and loops.  Python uses those indentations to determine what is and isnt part of a given loop (shudder).  If you have a return statement following a for loop and the return is indented father to the right it might be getting interpreted as part of your loop and prematurely returning.Many other programming languages have either specific End statements or use bracketing to enclose loops and conditionals so theres no doubt what is and isnt part of one., Resolved,1
Wednesday September 11th 2013 8:00 pm -04:00,Try turning on debugging call your function and step through it., Resolved,0
Wednesday September 11th 2013 8:15 pm -04:00,Take note the function should return true if the ENTIRE sequence is valid.  You can either examine all the characters and determine if they all are valid nucleotides or simply ASSUME they are and just return FALSE if you find one that isnt.The boolean value represents the result of the entire function not just the result of an individual iteration.  The description introduces the idea of a flag variable which is set when a certain condition is met and subsequently used to determine the outcome of the function itself., Resolved,1
Wednesday September 11th 2013 7:15 pm -04:00,Two things that may help:1) Work it out on paper WITHOUT writing any code.  Something like:Given one of the four DNA nucleotides A T C or G I want to return its complementary nucleotide.  Therefore if I am given A I should return _____.  If I am given G I should return _____.  And so on.2) Write your code as simple as possible so that you understand it.  Dont over-think it and dont worry if it isnt the most elegant solution.  If you test it properly and it works youve done it right. DONT rely on the grading system to test it.  Try all kinds of silly things even if you think no one would EVER try that., Unresolved,4
Wednesday September 11th 2013 7:41 pm -04:00,Um...according to the powers that be we arent supposed to post even incorrect code for the assignment but I will say your code will run only once and stop.  Also remember dna is a sequence not a single nucleotide.And what Tom said (we cross-posted), Unresolved,0
Wednesday September 11th 2013 7:54 pm -04:00,Hmmm...thought I read something to the opposite effect somewhere.  I could be wrong., Unresolved,0
Sunday September 22nd 2013 5:30 pm -04:00,You would really be surprised at the subject areas youd be asked to write code for if you program as a professional.  Coding is about far more than just writing good syntax.  I don;t know if the variety of subject matter is intentional on the part of the instructors but it is definitely a Good Thing because youll begin to understand programs are written FOR people as much as they are BY people., Unresolved,3
Sunday September 22nd 2013 5:17 pm -04:00,def yes_im_that_old(old_fogiesstudent_name):        (list of str str) -> int    Adds student_name to the list of old_fogies and returns the number    of people who actually HEARD these songs in the 1970s.        old_fogies.append(student_name)    return old_fogies.count(), Unresolved,3
Monday September 23rd 2013 6:24 pm -04:00,Pick pick pick...  :-), Unresolved,1
Monday September 23rd 2013 6:18 pm -04:00,Youre alive it counts.I will second Nicks advice.  Start where you are.  Domain knowledge is the hardest to come by.  Leverage what you know about the film industry or from your degree (something to do with economics?).  I started out in human services creating databases and programs for the company I worked for.  Later I moved into desktop support and now Im currently developing databases and applications.  Did I mention Im pushing 50?  Ive been tinkering with programming for decades but career-wise its only been the last few years its been a primary part of my job.  Prior to that I just applied the skills I had in whatever position I worked.  If youve ever seen the movie Robots theres this kinda corny line repeated over and over again that quite aptly sums it up:  See a need fill a need.  Theres a lot of programs that never get written because there isnt a huge market so a big software company isnt going to develop them.  Theyd lose money.  Doesnt mean that someone wont find your work valuable.Personally I put it as:  Read. Learn. Do.  Read everything you can.  Learn one new thing every day through reading or taking courses here on Coursera and elsewhere.  Do something with what youve learned.  In the IT industry in general its more about what you can do than what you know.And even if you never do it professionally you can certainly program as a hobby.  There are countless people out there writing programs just because they love doing it.Go for it!!,None,2
Sunday September 29th 2013 6:07 pm -04:00,The instructions do not say that no other modifications may be made to the lines so it is irrelevant whether or not leading whitespace is trimmed.  Part of programming is learning to write code according to the specifications given and the only specification was that EXTRA blank lines should not be printed.  line.strip() produces this result., Resolved,-1
Tuesday October 1st 2013 6:32 pm -04:00,Not trying to be snippy here but it seems rather odd to have an entire forum for the exam yet disallow all or nearly all discussion of it., Resolved,2
Tuesday October 1st 2013 7:46 pm -04:00,A couple places tuples could be useful:Where the index of the tuple elements has meaning such as returning records from a database.  All database records for a table must have exactly the same number of fields and the data for each field must be exactly the same type and the inability to add or delete members of a tuple reinforces this.  Databases in particular have very specific structures and the consequences of violating that structure are disastrous.Passing or returning multiple values to/from a function call without using a large number of parameters especially in situations where you dont want your original values passed to a function to be affected by the function.  Remember passing a list to a function allows the function to alter it (see Lecture 7-5 at about time mark 4:20).  Going back to databases say you return a set of records from a database and allow the user to alter the data by passing your data to a function.  If you use lists you run a real risk of not being able to roll back (undo) changes and potentially end up with corrupt or incorrect data.  Using tuples always gives you a way to undo any changes to your data when passed to a function., Resolved,0
