Sunday August 18th 2013 11:29 pm -04:00,Greeting from Mexico Im a PhD Computer Science student. Im taking this course because Im teaching a computer introduction class and Im asking my students to take the course also so I want to keep the same peace as them to reinforce concepts in class. Ive never used Python before my main programming language is ActionScript but I like also PHP and JavaScript. ,None,0
Sunday August 18th 2013 11:24 pm -04:00,@darius goore: Exactly thats the point its called aliasing. Heres a definition from wikipedia for aliasing in programming: In computing aliasing describes a situation in which a data location in memory can be accessed through different symbolic names in the program. Some other programming languages as C++ and Java also use aliasing., Resolved,4
Wednesday August 28th 2013 3:52 pm -04:00,Leya the function is not yet completed. As you remember from the function recipe you first write some examples (this are already written) then the type contract (again already there) header (done) description (done) and then the body of the function thats actually what the function does or the ACTION of the function. In this example you have to write the actions needed to obtain (and return) the difference in seconds between time_1 and time_2. So you have to start coding exactly after the description.Try to figure out which operation you would need to use to obtain that seconds difference and return it.Once youve come up with some code save the file (with a new name if you want to have a copy of the original). Then go to Run > Run Module. That will make your function available in IDLE. There you can run some tests to check if your code was correct... use the examples provided for example write: seconds_difference(1800.0 3600.0) and you should get 1800.0One thing I found useful was submitting my assignment once I completed each function. If you submit your assignment and then view the feedback you will be able to know if your function was correctly completed or not.I hope this gives you some light feel free to write back.CheersLuis  , Unresolved,4
Wednesday August 28th 2013 5:50 pm -04:00,The arent unlabeled but they used a white fonts which makes it impossible to read. You can try to select the table to figure out the column names. Luis , Unresolved,0
