Wednesday September 18th 2013 11:27 am -04:00,I got two grades (grade1 and grade2) then:If both arent passing grades I dont care about averaging: just print 0.0;If there is 1 passing grade the average of this passing grade is just the total of the passing grades divided by the number of passing grades (divided by one): Just print the passing grade (whereas it is grade1 or grade2)If there are 2 passing grades: Print the average (of grade1 and grade2)The only problem with option 2 is that produces a sort of cognitive disonance as it looks like the average of the grades is equivalent of something we are familiar with which is the final average passing grade. For instance (1000) would give us average=100 and (90100) would result in average=95. (And this is unfair!.), Unresolved,0
Monday September 16th 2013 6:04 am -04:00,Hi everybodyZiming I think that there is a bit of a language issue here.I am used to these tests and somehow see the intention of the questionThis also gets worse if you are not an English speaker (as it happens with myself) so the questions asks:Which English sentence is true exactly when the Boolean expression evaluates to True?To me exactly and true exactly or true doesnt make any distinction in plain language as I try to think of it in terms of exact result Vs. approximate etc (thinkin about numbers). What the question is asking actually is:Which English sentence is ALWAYS true when the Boolean expression evaluates to True?That would have been a better writing. To me the adverb exactly is not the correct one in this context. the boolean expression evaluates to true can happens in many cases and for those cases the True evaluation is always exactly true (we are talking about computers). It looks like the question is asking something as:Which English sentence is true exactly whenever happens that the Boolean expression evaluates to True? ... or Which English sentence is true (can be true) exactly (again...true and exactly true means the same in this context) if this boolean expression evaluates to True... among all possibilities or which of these English sentences cannot be True...whenever the Boolean expression evaluates to TrueNotice that the question is asking about the trueness of the English sentence no pointins at the boolean expression. For all the possible cases it can be true that for instance: the student passed all the courses provided that the grades are passing grades for all subjects. Exactly refers to without vagueness etc (http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/exactly). So in every respect the student passed all the grades in this case is exactly true.YoursLuis, Unresolved,0
Tuesday October 1st 2013 3:26 am -04:00,ZimingWhat exactly you dont understand? just change the original question for this:Which English sentence is ALWAYS true when the Boolean expression evaluates to True?YoursLuis, Unresolved,0
