Monday August 26th 2013 10:15 pm -04:00,--------UPDATE:After a few minutes the quiz was properly graded and Im no longer getting errors. Perhaps I tried to refresh the screen too soon after submitting the assignment.-----------The problem summary:System ErrorWe are sorry but an error has occurred and the details of the error message is below. If this    error message persists please contact a system administrator for more details.Error Message: The cross-site request forgery token you have provided is incorrect. Please try again.Steps to reproduce:submit the assignmentReceive the error message aboveScreenshot:, Unresolved,0
Thursday August 29th 2013 1:51 am -04:00,This is a very difficult problem for a fundamentals course. Even though I took the course before (and passed) the questions were (I think) easier last time around. I was taking this for review. I didnt realize Id get into such a challenging situation so quickly. Honestly the Coursera requirement that we dont receive help on the quizzes and assignments is a barrier to learning. I got stuck on the advanced course last time because I didnt receive help. This time I may get stuck on the intro course. Sometimes you just need someone to guide you through to an answer.  If enough of us signal that were (really honestly after much effort) struggling maybe we can get a talk-through of this problem by the instructors.A note that I had also taken the second level course and got completely stuck trying to get the rat through the maze. I didnt ask for help (because of that darned signature that we didnt receive help) and I ended up having to drop out.So I guess in essence Im asking the instructors for a period of time where we study try guess work review and struggle and keep at it (so far weve got that)... but then an actual answer in about a week so that we can see what we missed rather than just feeling completely lost., Unresolved,2
Thursday August 29th 2013 2:21 am -04:00,BTW I really do mean that I wish there were a version of Coursera where we were allowed to receive help. Perhaps a separate certificate for that track just signalling that we covered the material.Im feeling stuck and that feeling isnt a good one. Im an ethical person but I think its been getting in the way of my actually learning.So I might (at some point in this process) ethically just announce that Im going to ask for help and just sign that thing in order to be able to move forward that is prioritizing the goal of learning (if I find someone who CAN help) (Im still holding out hope that the instructors will provide an answer to this exercise.) Meanwhile Ill keep plugging away at this and see if I get anywhere on my own. But after the last episode (in the second course) of just getting completely stuck its just feeling counter-productive to stick to fastidiously to the no-help rule.Id like a version of Coursera where we could commune with others and if we have to: have someone explain the answer to us. Ideally the instructors or TAs because the blind leading the blind isnt always the most efficient route... but even if there were a Coursera option to commune either with a team of students or colleagues in the real world (i.e. just not have to sign that got-no-help box) I think many of us would have a better learning experience. I wonder who I should talk with at Coursera about this?In essence Im making two appeals:One to the instructors for an answer sheet to the exercises. And a second more general appeal to Coursera for a communal track option.  (I dont need the certificate I just need the skillset and getting stuck is just plain frustrating.)Meanwhile at 2:18 am I should probably stop trying to work on this. Daylight will help.  , Unresolved,0
Thursday August 29th 2013 5:01 pm -04:00,Jen: that was a helpful post actually. And I realized and remembered a few things.1. The course I passed was actually not this one. It was Learn to Program: Crafting Quality Code. (I saw Learn to Program in my list of Coursera courses and thought it was this one but it was the advanced one with a similar name.) (Apparently I got the statement of accomplishment even though I never got that rat through the maze!) 2. (The one I never got through was the Introduction to Interactive Programming Python. Great class just got stuck though.)3. I remember now that I did the first Learn to Program Fundamentals course in 6 days (videos and quizzes). It was my way of preparing for the Learn to Program: Crafting Quality Code course (I didnt know about Coursera when the original program ran just caught the tail end.) I didnt do the assignments in that time period (which is why they didnt look familiar!) 4. I also have figured out how to view the automated feedback form detail (and found the thread about the invisible white headers!). So that gives us some feedback on our progress which is helpful.I still would love a Coursera version where we arent sinning if we ask for explicit help (this is a request to Coursera for a direct help-is-okay-track) and where the answers to the assignments can be seen after a week or two (thats a request to the instructors of this course). I think its possible to pass the automated checkers with less-than-optimal code and Id like to see what answers look like that arent limited by well my own limits.Ive reached 30 out of 41 points so far.  But I think even though some of my functions passed the tests I think it could fail a more generalized test (such as a timeframe of 250000 seconds....)I was up until 3 am getting those 30 points. So maybe theres also a third request in here too: a more realistic assessment of how long it takes to do the work especially on weeks where there is an assignment. Plugging awayMargie, Unresolved,0
Friday August 30th 2013 1:29 pm -04:00,Anonymous: What error are you getting? Is seconds_since_midnight the name of the parameter?Why are you using mod 10? Also I think--at least my understanding is that--- get_minutes() isnt there to tell you how many minutes there are since midnight... its there to tell you how many minutes there are since the last full hour passed. So its my understanding that 61 minutes ( 3660 seconds) would actually look for an answer of 1 minute  (i.e. one hour plus one minute), Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 9:58 am -04:00,The problem summary:Please please reduce the assignment submission wait time.Steps to reproduce:1. I submit an assignment.2. I make a correction.3. I get the following very very annoying message:You must wait 43 minutes and 5 seconds before you can submit your solutions again.Can you reduce that wait time to 10 minutes? Or 5? This delay is nothing but a major annoyance. I realize it might do something to conserve server space and also force us to rely more on our own testing but Im going to hit the auto-grader an approximately equal number of times anyhow. But Id much rather submit them 5 minutes apart. The current system makes me feel like a hostage to the homework. Id like to get it done. After writing this note I STILL have a half-hour or so to wait to submit what I think might be my final submission... Please consider reducing the student-annoyance factor by reducing the wait time., Unresolved,6
Tuesday September 10th 2013 10:29 am -04:00,In the str Methods: Functions Inside of Objectsvideo:The sound gets very low at around 1:10 for several seconds. I reviewed it with the sound as high as it can go several times (because I was trying not to miss that content) and each time nearly blasted my ears out (and that of my partner-friend whom I share a desk with) once the sound cut back on.Can that audio track be re-engineered?Also a note that I vaguely remember being tested in a previous weeks quiz on the help function but I dont think we were taught how to use it until this video. (I may be wrong about that but while checking that content it might be helpful to check on that vague instinct that Ive got that we may already have been tested on it... if so it would merit moving the quiz question to this week.), Unresolved,5
Tuesday September 17th 2013 9:35 pm -04:00,Im experiencing the same issue in the mutability and aliasing lecture. Its a big enough issue that its a barrier to the learning. Hopefully someone can re-engineer the audio if these videos are used again., Unresolved,2
Tuesday September 24th 2013 12:45 am -04:00,I dont know how to interpret this. When I run     >>> read_words(wordlist1.txt)I get just what I expect.    [CRUNCHYCOWSEATGRASS]Yet Im failing all the read_words() tests. Heres a sample fail. (I wonder if Im supposed to use that tkinter business? Or if something else is going on here?) student: test_a3.Test_01_ReadWords.test_01_return_typeERROR[x]Method Description:NoneMessage:ERROR: DisabledBuiltinErrorCalling the open built-in is not permitted., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 24th 2013 2:31 am -04:00,Marking as resolved. Six other fish still to fry (need to deal with final no-newline for instance) but in this case the FAQ resolves the posted issue., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 24th 2013 2:46 am -04:00,I understood that upon seeing the graders error message. Actually every time I tried an rstrip() I got into trouble for some reason. I ended up using a range to negative one within an if statement. Still have a half-hour wait to submit my modifcation... But at 2:45am calling it a night!, Resolved,0
Thursday September 26th 2013 7:19 am -04:00,I initially had the same issue. I marked the thread as resolved based on the A3 FAQ posted above. Heres the relevant text from that FAQ: Why do I have a DisabledBuiltinError?  Youre probably trying to call the open function from your code. Notice that none of the function docstrings say that any of the arguments passed in to any of the functions are file names. The type contracts list arguments as being of type file open for reading not str as would the case if we wanted you to open any files. Instead when testing your code you should open the file in the shell and call your functions passing in that opened file., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 24th 2013 12:59 am -04:00,Oy. I thought we had won this grievance a few weeks ago. I gather that was just for the last assignment. Im at the stage with this where I simply (actually) need a human guide. Im so close but its so frustrating not to quite get there. We are in this brave new MOOC world. This course is mostly great! But honestly this hour delay is kind of a kick in the gut because were already working so hard to try to get things right (and... if we find ourselves getting that message... likely failing).Barring human help (I got the first 25 points with ease. The next 5 with a lot of effort... and the remaining ones elude me) a great aid to struggling students will be to relax this painful one-hour delay!, Unresolved,2
Tuesday September 24th 2013 1:14 am -04:00,This thread is a request to relax the one-hour wait time.Im actually not getting error messages in my code. Im simply getting failures in the assignment grader. So not having access to the grader is a real barrier. (I have actually posted one of my error messages so far... more to come in separate threads.), Unresolved,1
Tuesday September 24th 2013 2:11 am -04:00,The rush is multi-fold. Ive been ramping up on Django and need the Python skillset under my belt. But also have to turn to client work so i dont have a lot of time.I want the certificate.... (I had done just the videos and exercises last time the course was offered because I found out about it around the time the course ended.)Anyhow tonight my client got me the files I needed so will need to switch gears. Had hoped to finish tonight after spending literally all day on it. It was a timing strategy. I realize its a little unorthodox but its the way I could fit it all in.Tom Im so glad to hear of plans to relax the grader. That will help a lot!, Unresolved,2
Tuesday September 24th 2013 6:10 pm -04:00,try pythontutor.com for a python visualizer., Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 24th 2013 3:36 pm -04:00,I think the wordlist file had a blank line at the end., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 24th 2013 3:39 pm -04:00,Ive also been having a very very difficult time with the read_board() function. Half the problem was not understanding the goal. The other half the problem is that Im on a learning curve. I dearly hope for two things:1. that the instructions make it more clear what were after. 2. that the one-hour grader time will finally get relaxed. Who needs to approve that? Are they available to do so?I THINK I have it now but need to wait another 8 minutes before the grader is available., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 24th 2013 1:20 pm -04:00,Can you fix the css for the autograder headings?The headers are not displaying:Group    All    Pass    Fail    Error    Warning    ViewHow long should the autograder take to work. Is the submission time correct? I am getting a weird result thats showing my last submission as last night even though I just submitted 20 minutes ago. The grader said it graded a few hours ago. Im a bit confused now. Previously the autograder worked in near-real time. I cant tell now whats going on.Please remember to reduce the submission delay.Thanks, Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 24th 2013 1:47 pm -04:00,I submitted again and this time had the near-real-time response I was expecting. So apparently now just items #1 and 3., Unresolved,0
Friday September 27th 2013 5:12 am -04:00,Its a bit of a challenge to schedule a 3-hour stint into a week. Plus more time to watch the last lesson videos and do the Exercise. Is there a chance we could get access to the Final Week content and exam this weekend?The last lesson constitutes 30% of our grade.  For those with limited time next week it may be otherwise impossible to pass the course. , Resolved,0
Friday September 27th 2013 5:42 am -04:00,From what I can see the final exam is due:  Monday 7 October 11:59 am. Thats a one-week period if the exam is made available on September 30. , Resolved,0
