Monday September 2nd 2013 11:24 am -04:00,When running Python under Linux you should not be using the python command directly which will only run the python interpreter in the shell.Use the idle command at the shell prompt. That will open the first IDLE window. By default this is the python shell window. Select  New Window from the file menu to open an editor window. Now you have an editing window and a running (shell) window.Edit or load your code in the edit window. This window has a run menu which will restart your shell and load/run the code that you have in the edit window. (The keyboard shortcut is F5.)Put both windows side by side so you can see what happens. Its one of those things that is not obvious until you see how it works., Resolved,0
Monday September 2nd 2013 4:55 am -04:00,The second is far more readable. As far as running code you can write anything that works. But as far as maintaining and developing code you will be thankful you added some extra punctuation and whitespace (and comments!) to improve the readability especially when you come back to code that you wrote a year ago and have forgotten in the mean time., Unresolved,0
Monday September 2nd 2013 4:46 am -04:00,It depends what kind of games you plan to write. Web based games are most written in PHP Java and JavaScript. Console games may be written using specialist toolkits based on things like C++ and C#. If you want to write games for Android you will need to learn to use Eclipse and the Android SDK to develop in Java.The extended answer is that you benefit from knowing more than one language and that theres more than the language to know. To learn to use the Android SDK and fly Eclipse effectively takes about as much effort as learning a medium complexity language.Youre already taking the first steps so go for it. Theres never been a better time to develop games than now.,None,1
Monday September 2nd 2013 6:55 am -04:00,Just type time berlin into the Google search box to compare the time anywhere to your local time zone.,None,0
Monday September 2nd 2013 4:56 pm -04:00,The visualizer may not help you when things are clear and all is going well. The change comes when things are going wrong and you are trying to understand why the wrong value is appearing in the wrong place. People figured out software bugs without visualizers for a long time. It was just harder thats all.Documentation is the same. Small piece of new code all works well no problem. Long code chunk quite old not working well: try to figure it out and the situation isnt quite so pretty.As Sepand says knowing how memory is used makes you able to write more efficient code. As Roy says developing good habits now is going to save you pain in the long run., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 12:27 pm -04:00,You can also slow down the video using the buttons at lower left to give you more time to do it as you watch.,None,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 3:27 pm -04:00,But the text that is there is all there by way of demonstration or example or summary. There isnt anything that can usefully be left out.,None,1
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 11:42 am -04:00,I have experienced issues like this the last couple of days in Firefox 17.08. The Coursera platform is clearly evolving beneath us as we go.Here are two that have hit in the last 48 hours or so:In-video quizzes: the radio buttons take an age to refresh when one has been selected.At the end of the video the video doesnt stop but keeps attempting to load indefinitely.(This is HTML5 video in Firefox.), Resolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 11:52 am -04:00,The problem summary:Control-Left-Arrow and Control-Right-Arrow behave unusually in the Forum text boxes.Steps to reproduce:On a line containing multiple words Ctrl-Left goes to the start of the line Ctrl-Right goes to the end duplicating the behaviour of the Home and End keys.In nearly every other text box on the web Ctrl-Left and Ctrl-Right navigate by word. This is useful., Unresolved,0
