Wednesday August 28th 2013 4:58 pm -04:00,Hi all I am ( of course ) new to programming and installed Python3 via the Home Brew Mac Terminal application. I am going through the lessons and am hitting a snag with having an external file for my functions.Does anybody have any research links on how this is set up? I was able to find ways to:- save the .py file to a dir in my personal home folder and- execute the file in bash but not- how to execute them inside the python3 interpreter so that I can use them freely in my inline python codeAny help ideas or links would be greatly appreciated!, Unresolved,0
Monday September 9th 2013 7:42 pm -04:00,Hi Steven I am still running into a bit of terminal mux. I am on the Terminal app outside of running Python3. I tried running the command:User$ python3 convert_to_celsius.pyBash seemed to think for a second and then served up the Terminal prompt. I assumed that meant that I was clear to use the content of convert_to_celsius.py inside of the Python interpreter once I ran the command:User$ python3>>>When I tried to run the function inside of Python3 it served an error that the function wasnt defined. I then tried to do an in-Python command:>>>import convert_to_celsius.pyThis returned an error also. I did a bit of searching on Stack Overflow and saw that there is python functions reload() and execfile() in python2 but it gets a bit muxxed up on python3.This seems like a really simple thing but I am having trouble finding a solidly good simple answer.Please help if you can!Screenshot of my command line below., Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 10:15 am -04:00,Awesome! Thanks man. : ), Unresolved,0
Monday September 2nd 2013 10:41 am -04:00,Awesome! Thanks Steven!! Do you happen to know of any tutorial / blogs that address this type of thing? It would be much appreciated to learn some of the standard terminology so I can research this on my own in the future.Thanks again!! Have a great Labor Day ( if you are in the USA ). Otherwise hope you have an awesome Monday!!, Unresolved,0
Friday September 6th 2013 10:40 am -04:00,Todd yes I chose to use Terminal because I am wanting to train myself to use the command line more efficiently. I have worked with / associated with a number of very successful web application developers and they all use the command line. There is an amazing amount of power and speed at your disposal using this tool and no time better than the present to get some face time with it., Unresolved,0
Monday September 9th 2013 7:46 pm -04:00,Hiya Todd. Yes I am starting to think that getting the external GUI installation of Python may be preferred for this course as it comes with a very simple to install and run IDLE version.My primary problem is that most of the places I have worked so far do a lot ( if not all ) of their programming dev work on the command line. It is much faster more secure and can solve issues in a second that would take a GUI minutes to do.I also very much want to get as much face time with Terminal as I can as it seems like an awesomely powerful tool that can handle many languages simultaneously as opposed to a proprietary language shell that can only understand and interpret the language it was built for.Please poke holes in my statement as I want to be able to speak effectively on these topics. If I sound like a jackass please let me know.   : ), Unresolved,0
Monday September 9th 2013 7:44 pm -04:00,Thats awesome! Thanks Dorothy. :D, Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 10:17 am -04:00,Thanks very much for all the info! I really feel like this is something I should have under my belt if I want to be a credible developer. I should probably go down to the library and look for a book on the Linux shell and -bash. Couldnt hurt at least right?As far as ( afa ) the G+ Hangout Id probably be down for that. I havent hosted one yet but Im sure its simple. Feel free to drop me a line at matt.e.zelenak@gmail.com to schedule a hangout time you would be available and then we can let the rest of the class know about it., Unresolved,0
