Saturday August 24th 2013 12:39 pm -04:00,I have been using the Python 3.2 for iOS app and it seems to work well for testing bits of code although I have not used it for anything major., Resolved,0
Monday September 23rd 2013 8:14 pm -04:00,That An Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python course looks interesting. Im going to try it. Frankly after a couple of days of searching I find the currently available tutorials and explanations of Python GUI programming pretty poor. There are some on youtube that are not bad but they are out of date and dont fully apply to recent versions (but I havent checked them all). Books Ive looked at are also not that good. Any suggestions for a good series on Python graphics programming would be welcome., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 12:05 am -04:00,Thats kind of crazy. I only need to fix a couple of things so why should I (or anyone else) have to enter answers for every single question all over again? What a time waste. If that is the case it really makes me not want to do it. And I think I should be encouraged to do it not presented with a hassle for wanting to improve my grade. Its like all my work was crumpled up and thrown in the trash right before my eyes and Im told do it all over if you want to improve. In my recollection edX assignments dont work that way. Of course I could be not understanding how it is supposed to work..., Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 6:35 pm -04:00,Yeah but they are not all multiple choice and there are a lot more than 5 questions so there is little chance of getting a good score by guessing. Also dont confuse challenging with a pain in the butt. But hey Im over it. Thanks., Unresolved,1
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 6:26 pm -04:00,Now that is a decent idea. Thanks for the tip., Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 6:31 pm -04:00,Im sorry but if I have to retype my correct answers over and over again just to be able to update a couple of multiple choice questions that is a definitely NOT for my benefit it is to work within a defective assessment system. There is no way in the world that that would be required in an in-person class and it is a flaw of this and perhaps many other MOOC implementations. I am sure it will be addressed at some point. In the mean time I think the best solution is the double tab option mentioned above. That and I am going to try extra hard not to make mistakes on the first submission! So if there is any benefit to the method there it is., Unresolved,2
Sunday September 8th 2013 9:01 pm -04:00,If I understand your thought you are talking about something like was tried with the Coursera course Programming the Matrix which was touted as a linear algebra course taught using programming. I think the stated prerequisites for that course were a bit misleading and I was not succesful. For me it was like trying to learn two challenging subjects at the same time (Python and linear algebra) which was not a recipe for success. Beginner level Python was not enough. After completing this course maybe Ill try that one again. But I do not think it is wise to try to learn math via programming unless one is highly skilled in the programming language being used.,None,0
