Monday August 19th 2013 8:30 am -04:00,Thank you for creating this group! Hope to see many of you there! :),None,3
Monday August 19th 2013 8:59 am -04:00,Muhammad here are some comparisons between Phyton and C++http://www.differencebetween.info/difference-between-cplusplus-and-pythonand to other languages as well:http://www.python.org/doc/essays/comparisons.htmlYou will find that there is no best language only languages that are the best for a specific purpose. Like Mark wrote each has their (dis-)advantages but Phython seems to be a beginner-friendly language so far and at the same time not outdated. I hope youll enjoy this couse and getting started with python! :), Resolved,1
Tuesday August 20th 2013 6:12 am -04:00,Hello dear fellow learners!Since everyone suggests that practicing is the key to learning how to program Id like to suggest that we are giving each other exercises that can be solved with the knowledge obtained in our course so far. Nothing to complicated - maybe the odd more challenging exercise but mainly for practicing what we can do with the tools we got so far. Id suggest that we post exercises and then discuss the solutions together. Here are some for a start others are welcome too:Weve seen that we can calculate the area of a triangle. So lets do some more geometrics! Who can define functions that can calculate:- the area of a square- the circumference of a rectangle with different side lengths (aka not a square)- the area of a circle (hint: use 3.14159 instead of the real PI)Now we are astronomers who wish to write a programm to classify newly discovered planets. The program should be able to give out the circumference the surface area and the volume when we enter the observed diameter.When we are finished with this program we wish to make use of our observational data. We have series of measurements of temperatures. Each series consists of 5 measurements. We wish to find the coldest and the hottest spots on the planets (giving out the temperature suffices). Which function should we write for this?So lets play with python hope you enjoy the exercises! :),None,20
Tuesday August 20th 2013 6:39 am -04:00,Thank you for your comment! We can just copy what we wrote as a program and paste it to the commentary section here in this thread.For example:>>> def f(ab):    return a + b>>> f(23)5,None,0
Tuesday August 20th 2013 6:42 am -04:00,José. would you like to share your attempt? Where did you got stuck? Maybe we can find the error together. :),None,1
Tuesday September 10th 2013 8:40 am -04:00,I just wanted to say that I really enjoy the setup and the background stories of the assignments. Working with DNA made the excercises so much cooler than having to work with plain chains of letters. The same goes for Assignment 1 - seeing that your coding could actually be used for some real world problems truly is a great feeling.Thank you and keep up the great work! :), Unresolved,4
Thursday October 3rd 2013 9:16 am -04:00,From my experience after taking the exam using a very unstable connection there is no problem with being disconnected during the time you work on the questions. You only need to be connected to save the answers (saving answers does not submit them yet they are just stored on the page and this is optional) and to submit them when you are finally done. Good luck! :), Resolved,1
