Tuesday August 20th 2013 11:15 am -04:00,Unfortunatelytheres not any perfect resource to learn programming!I suggest reading these books:     head first  programming a learners guide to programming using the python language -  ora 2009             Hello    World! Computer Programming for Kids and Other Beginners                     Head      First Python                                        Starting    Out With Python 2nd ed - T. Gaddis (Pearson 2012) BBS                   and of-course  some free courses like this course!, Pinned Approved,3
Wednesday August 21st 2013 1:08 am -04:00,Thats a good site and I finished that:http://www.codecademy.com/dataace86647But thats not sufficient and also used python 2! (but you could also writing like python 3 in that. this site support both of them!)WARNING!some of that problems in that site have errors and you should searching in forums to find out the solution!, Pinned Approved,0
Tuesday August 20th 2013 3:04 am -04:00,In python we dontneed more thinking about many things because they already defined in thatlanguage!forexample in python you could save unlimited digits in an integer variable.Theres no any maximum integer like C/C++/C#Imalready trying to build an ultimate calculator without worrying about countingbecause integers dont have any limits.Onlylimit is your computers memory.,None,2
Tuesday August 20th 2013 9:22 am -04:00,1. I love to learning!2. I love to receive degree!3. I know this university is one of the best universities in the world.However some concepts are forgotten and I like to review them again. Like memory address.,None,2
Wednesday August 21st 2013 1:10 am -04:00,Maybe their microphones’have problems!,None,0
Sunday September 1st 2013 6:04 am -04:00,may be you are very genius! ;), Unresolved,0
Sunday September 1st 2013 6:03 am -04:00,may be you are very genius! ;), Resolved Locked,0
Saturday September 28th 2013 11:46 am -04:00,For becoming a realprogrammer you must memorize all materials in that language (e.g. Python).For dothat you must read multiple books. I read 6 books (in fact e-books!) for thislanguage.Seems6 one is a big knowledge but some of them was complicated and I stop readingthem before reach to end of them. After almost 2 years I could remember mostfeature of this perfect language.Believeit or not Python is the best language for beginners to learn and forprofessionals for developing any soft wares they want.Afterthose 6 e-books and some Python courses now Im reading my Final E-book forPython and thats have about 1600 pages! I try to finish that in 1 year! :DLearningPython 5th Edition (OReilly Media), Resolved,1
Saturday September 28th 2013 1:00 pm -04:00,My main mention was about these fundamental topics we learning in all books and courses not all functions and features designed for this language!, Resolved,0
Sunday September 29th 2013 12:11 am -04:00,OK! OK!Listen!(or read!)Ireply to that person in this forum who has suffer to pass the final exam. Myreal purpose of forbecoming a real programmer you must memorize all materials in thatlanguage is about fundamental of the language not all functions in that!All functions in Python is updating on PyPi (https://pypi.python.org/pypi)HoweverIf you memorize more and more functions you could find out solutions forcreating your programs quicker and simpler. Imagine somebody dont know power function in math module and design that by himself andloosing much time for that.Learningthe logic of the languages is a main topic for become a software engineer and I graduate from that field 2years ago! Now I should apply that knowledge in action!Python is very powerful and you could build any program by that for any platform (Windows Linux Unix Android and even designing web!)Even NASA Google NSA and many others using Python. Python also is easy to learn!Easy to learn and practical in any field. Its fantastic!, Resolved,1
Sunday September 29th 2013 10:03 am -04:00,I never talks about memorizing! I said if you remember more andmore functions you could developing quicker and make programs easier.And also remember this: Dont reinvent the wheel whenthats already invented!Im already working on a program to calculate huge number. In that program Ibuild a function for change string to list (Array). But Python has a built infunction for that! I could use list(string) to change string to list.My goal is become a professional programmer but I never told Im already aprofessional one!After all search in the web isnt very easy task in complicated situations. Ihope no one need to search on the web! Books and courses must be enough.and wait a minute! What was their resource for answering our questions? Itsnot better to read those reference instead of asking them?, Resolved,0
Sunday September 29th 2013 11:15 am -04:00,I dont bother myselfto learn other language when I know python has all features any program needs.If theres any whats that? I dont think if theres any I need that at all!I wasbeginner too and I just wants to learn fast and find out a perfect and easylanguage. Now I find it. Its Python!Logicis important but beginners in programming more want to learn programming tobuild programs. I dont think they want become a special software engineer in acompany and build in multiple language.By theway why company needs other language? They should notice about programs.Choosing the language is problem for programmer they just want a program withsome features they mentioned., Resolved,0
Sunday September 29th 2013 11:46 am -04:00,Im here because I want to review more and more to make Python like my natural language! You never search in web to write something in English if you do that in programming too you are in a right place for becoming a professional programmer.Computer science have many different fields my interested field is creating programs like computer games and financial programs. No one could become expert in all aspect of a huge field.Newbies must notice about their abilities and then choose their destination.Most people are ordinary one not Einstein or Bill Gates!, Resolved,0
Sunday September 29th 2013 12:16 pm -04:00,Since you are from AberdeenUnited Kingdom I thought you are a native English spoken! Im notnative one too! But language is a humanity tools and very clearer than machineone!I forgot about team working. Yes you right. In team working we mustadapt our self to others.Im a home programmer and Im unemployed! But Thats not important if I couldbuild professional programs. If I demonstrate myself to companies they willaccept my terms in team working too. In that case I mention I justwant to create programs in Python and I just want Python programmers in my team., Resolved,0
Sunday September 29th 2013 12:47 pm -04:00,Im like an Octopus! Why?!1. Stock marketing ( I already have income from that twice than most interest of bank)2.. programming (I hope some day receive money by this)3. English knowledge (Employ as a translator)4. Journalism (I already have 8 years experience blogging in many different topics but Im not employed in any agencies because freedom of expression isnt exist in our country!)5. Chess (I could win in a medium class chess tournaments but our country have many difficulties even for top rated players to give them their salary!), Resolved,0
Monday September 30th 2013 12:02 am -04:00,I dont like memorizing but knowing more and more functions like list() int() reverse() etc are very necessary.Python is a perfect language and because of your speak about SQL I must show you this:in the pages 12-13 of Learning Python 5th Edition (OReilly Media) we have this:For traditional database demands there are Python interfaces to all commonly usedrelational database systems—Sybase Oracle Informix ODBC MySQL PostgreSQL SQLite and more. The Python world has also defined a portable database API for accessingSQL database systems from Python scripts which looks the same on a varietyof underlying database systems. For instance because the vendor interfaces implementthe portable API a script written to work with the free MySQL system will work largelyunchanged on other systems (such as Oracle); all you generally have to do is replacethe underlying vendor interface. The in-process SQLite embedded SQL database engineis a standard part of Python itself since 2.5 supporting both prototyping and basicprogram storage needs., Resolved,0
Wednesday September 11th 2013 11:37 pm -04:00,These two functions are easier than you think! I just didnt understand meaning of this medical topic and stuck in these functions for some time but by help of Discussion forms in this course I found out the meaning of these functions and immediately I create them.Just try to create in easier way that you can., Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 17th 2013 1:50 pm -04:00,Is that score optional? We dont need to take these? But in the video lectures part after taking these quizzes we saw Quiz Attempted tag!, Resolved,0
Saturday September 28th 2013 6:36 am -04:00,Is anybody could got score above than 30?! :), Unresolved,0
Saturday September 28th 2013 11:52 am -04:00,I also have 30/37 but for this course just 70% is enough man! Dont worry!I hope in our real programs we could be succeed. Dont resign soon!, Unresolved,0
Wednesday October 2nd 2013 5:33 am -04:00,When I was start to really learn to programming I looking up to find a best programming language and everyone told me different language! I search the web and I also find out same answers! After 2 years reading many resources I found out my answer!I dont want anyone else like me do that again and loose time.I also know team working need to familiar with many languages but If we want to work individually or in a team with a same using language we could learn just one language.I am not a professor or a scientist so I copy some comparison about other languages from Learning Python 5th Edition (OReilly Media) in pages 21-22:Python• Is more powerful than Tcl. Python’s strong support for “programming in the large”makes it applicable to the development of larger systems and its library of applicationtools is broader.• Is more readable than Perl. Python has a clear syntax and a simple coherent design.This in turn makes Python more reusable and maintainable and helps reduce programbugs.• Is simpler and easier to use than Java and C#. Python is a scripting language butJava and C# both inherit much of the complexity and syntax of larger OOP systemslanguages like C++.• Is simpler and easier to use than C++. Python code is simpler than the equivalentC++ and often one-third to one-fifth as large though as a scripting languagePython sometimes serves different roles.• Is simpler and higher-level than C. Python’s detachment from underlying hardwarearchitecture makes code less complex better structured and more approachablethan C C++’s progenitor.• Is more powerful general-purpose and cross-platform than Visual Basic. Pythonis a richer language that is used more widely and its open source nature means itis not controlled by a single company.• Is more readable and general-purpose than PHP. Python is used to construct websitestoo but it is also applied to nearly every other computer domain from roboticsto movie animation and gaming.• Is more powerful and general-purpose than JavaScript. Python has a larger toolsetand is not as tightly bound to web development. It’s also used for scientific modelinginstrumentation and more.• Is more readable and established than Ruby. Python syntax is less cluttered especiallyin nontrivial code and its OOP is fully optional for users and projects towhich it may not apply.• Is more mature and broadly focused than Lua. Python’s larger feature set and moreextensive library support give it a wider scope than Lua an embedded “glue” languagelike Tcl.• Is less esoteric than Smalltalk Lisp and Prolog. Python has the dynamic flavor oflanguages like these but also has a traditional syntax accessible to both developersand end users of customizable systems.Especially for programs that do more than scan text files and that might have to beread in the future by others (or by you!) many people find that Python fits the bill betterthan any other scripting or programming language available today. Furthermore unlessyour application requires peak performance Python is often a viable alternative tosystems development languages such as C C++ and Java: Python code can often achievethe same goals but will be much less difficult to write debug and maintain.,None,0
Wednesday October 2nd 2013 7:26 am -04:00,In page 7 of that book we have this:Python has been optimized numerous times and Python coderuns fast enough by itself in most application domains. Furthermore whenever you dosomething “real” in a Python script like processing a file or constructing a graphicaluser interface (GUI) your program will actually run at C speed since such tasks areimmediately dispatched to compiled C code inside the Python interpreter.,None,0
Wednesday October 2nd 2013 8:22 am -04:00,Yes that book and Isays in most of programs not all programs. But in most domains Python dowell.,None,0
Wednesday October 2nd 2013 9:03 am -04:00,In fact Python is useful for any field except in some and very special domains!I think Python could solve 99% of our need requirements. I dont bother Python for that 1%!But other languages have very complexity and time consuming to build a program which make them worse in producing programs in this era of fast growing of apps and programs.,None,0
Wednesday October 2nd 2013 8:30 am -04:00,Yes! toolbox never situated by Swiss army knife! But in most of our journey Swiss army knife is enough and suitable! Thats easy and we could use that very fast. Even in very special tasks we use other languages. Those tasks are very limited and most programs and apps arent in such domains.,None,0
Wednesday October 2nd 2013 10:05 am -04:00,NO! CodeSkupltor is horrible things! I should compare Swiss army knife with something higher. Maybe its better to say: Python is like a PC computer but C/C++/etc are like supercomputerBy the way you should consider the price of using those complicate languages which take more time than Python. Time is gold!,None,0
Wednesday October 2nd 2013 8:20 am -04:00,Really? Thats very bad for their business too! But I also didnt read anything that says Python cannot do these things.,None,0
Wednesday October 2nd 2013 9:04 am -04:00,I bet if you code in other languages that dont work either! ;),None,0
Wednesday October 2nd 2013 2:45 pm -04:00,I just found that now! Fantastic!,None,0
