Wednesday August 28th 2013 3:03 pm -04:00,Here is the problem that I am running into and I hope someone has figured this out. I am currently working on the functions for get_hours get_minutes and get_seconds. At first glance I was thinking I could write the function for get_hours which would figure out the number of hours and then pass the remaining seconds to the get_minutes function to figure out the remaining minutes left. And then in turn it would pass the remaining seconds back to get_seconds function. This would work fine but then when I looked at the examples it has get_minutes(3800) returning just 3. Are we supposed to expect these functions to work independently of each other or as a chain that of calls that works together?Sorry if I am making this more complicated than it needs to be. Any help would be appreciated and I will reciprocate to others on these forums, Unresolved,0
Wednesday August 28th 2013 3:16 pm -04:00,Yeah I went back through and read everything again and realized that they are supposed to work independently and was able to get them to work. I was just thinking too fancy and wanting them to chain together and get the end result. For the record I started with the get_hours function first but I dont see any problem with starting where your brain can grasp it and building from there., Unresolved,2
Thursday August 29th 2013 2:33 am -04:00,You can always ask for help through this forum. A lot of programming is working on teams and getting things done through the team. So go ahead and ask away and put some code in your questions. Sometimes just forming your question into words answers the problem, Unresolved,0
Thursday August 29th 2013 2:38 am -04:00,Well Python and many other languages handle it for you in a basic sense but later on you will see situations were knowing how the memory is handled behind the scenes will help. Also some languages you have to manage memory yourself and knowing where it is can help you clean up after yourself., Resolved,1
Thursday August 29th 2013 2:41 am -04:00,I have the advantage of knowing a little bit of other object oriented languages going into this course. So I can say with certainty that over time things will start to click and sometimes you have to muddle through. If you ever have questions dont hesitate to ask because sometimes forming your problem into words sometimes answers the problem!, Unresolved,1
