Monday September 2nd 2013 10:48 pm -04:00,Hey AdrianI just saw your post.  I work in DTLA.  Want to meet up for an afterwork study session this week? if so send me an email tamara_71@me.com so we can coordinate. :),None,0
Tuesday September 3rd 2013 10:17 pm -04:00,Erika Im right there with you. I understood the lectures the quizzes and even the first three steps were ok. I am on Step 5 stressed out and thinking if I cant even get this to work why am I bothering to take this course. Im reading the discussion board which leave me even more confused and in the end is no help. None. I clearly have a lack of understanding if I cant even freaking figure out how to make get_hours work let alone get effing minutes.  I missed something that everyone else here seems to have gotten in spades. Im very very discouraged.  Im not asking for the answer but someone throw me a life vest in english not pythonese. How am I supposed to learn if I havent a guide. Im drowning. I will learn Python but Im beginning to think this isnt the right enviorment for me.  :/ , Unresolved,4
Wednesday September 4th 2013 12:45 am -04:00,Thanks Fernando and Jeffrey. I need to sit with your comments and really read them when I have a bit more patience.  That said  I understand what the functions in Step 5 are supposed to do. I started out with get_hours.I wrote return int(hours / 3600).Then moved on to return (hours // 3600).  I knew that wasnt correct so I came to the forums for help.  I saw that the to_24_hour_clock might be helpful so I revisitied the function recall lecture and notes. I wrote return to_24_hour_clock ((hours % 24) / (hours // 3600))What the whackadoodle?!! Clearly Im lost. But I know (hours // 3600) at least gives me the number in my example.  After hours of readng the directions frontwards and backwards and visiting the boards i threw my hands up and said enough. To that end Im going to walk away from it for a moment reread Fernando and Jefferys posts and sort it out. Thanks again everyone. You have done everthing but hit me over the head with it. Im looking forward to the a-ha facepalm moment when it clicks! LOLTamara , Unresolved,0
Wednesday September 4th 2013 1:36 am -04:00,At first no but then...i just tried a different combination uploaded it and voila! I cant tell you I understand why it worked but it did. Its not enough for me to get the right answer. Anyhow thanks for your help. I will tackle the other two tomorrow.Tamara , Unresolved,0
Thursday September 5th 2013 1:48 am -04:00,Shockingly enough Im still trying to sort out get_minutes. My math works. it works on big numbers and little numbers. I know how many minutes 45 is after midnight. But when I submit it the autocorrecter shoots me down. The math works out for me on paper but translating it into a function the autograder will accept well there in lies the challenge.  That is very frustrating to say the least. Gotta say Im real tired of reading the if you understood the lecture there is nothing hard commentaries on the discussion forums. Just cos some people get it right away and others have to sit with it for a while does not mean squat. People learn differntly.  , Unresolved,2
