Tuesday September 10th 2013 10:40 pm -04:00,If you are stuck on syntax that is something on the level of punctuation or the structure of the code youre writing.One resource is the Python documentation online here: http://python.org/doc/Syntax problems can be especially frustrating because once you fix them you sometimes feel like it was so simple that you should have seen it all along.From the example you posted I can think of two things that might be an issue.  Both involve parentheses.return does not require ().  If you have a variable named counter that you want to come back as an answer from your function the last line of the function should just be:return counterNow return (counter)might not cause an error but it might.  You could try removing those () and see if it helps.  In any event not including the ()s a good habit to establish early on.The other issue I see is that you need to contain all of the arguments for a function inside one set of ().If you have a function called find_name() and it takes two arguments first and last then when you call it you should think of it as:find_name(first last)orfind_name(Jane Coder)In your case you might just need to move your open parenthesis to the other side of your function call.Combining the examples above it looks like you have:return (seconds_difference 3600.0 1800.0)which is like sayingreturn (find_name Jane Coder)See the difference?, Resolved,2
Tuesday September 10th 2013 10:57 pm -04:00,HarmonyThe games course (from Rice University) is really fun but if you are having problems with the basic syntax in Assignment One here you might not find that course any easier.  Of course people learn in different ways so maybe that one would click for you in a different way than this class.Have you looked at my suggestion above?  It might fix your problem and let you move forward with this class.For what its worth I heartily recommend that anyone taking this course and enjoying programming think about taking the games course afterwards., Resolved,5
Tuesday September 10th 2013 5:28 pm -04:00,Another thread on the topic posted here., Unresolved,2
Tuesday September 10th 2013 5:25 pm -04:00,This is a huge issue.First of all all humans make mistakes.  At some point students will make simple errors in the submission process (submitting a file with a simple error submitting the wrong file submitting before saving the latest version ...).Second being that this is an intro-level programming course students will inevitably code something that doesnt handle all of the graders test cases.  The arbitrary course-imposed submission time delay doesnt allow for the instances where IDLE-tested code passes and is therefore submitted but the submitted code doesnt include some variation that the grader tests so it fails the grader.Third for the same intro-level reason lets assume that the professors will be better at figuring out test cases than the students are.  Beginning programmers are also beginning debuggers.  Nothing is more frustrating for someone in the midst of debugging than a lack of feedback.Fourth from a merely educational standpoint students should be able to submit a partially-completed assignment to see if they are getting the early parts correct before moving on to the latter parts.  Since this course doesnt break out each problem into its own submission element then you are forcing people to trust that they are understanding these early cases and continue coding the latter in the same way.  That goes for testing the early and latter parts as well.  If an error is made early or if someone heads down the wrong track they risk either having to wait an hour to re-test code or having to rip out all the code theyve done (and toss all the assumptions theyve made based on it) because of a fundamental mistake early in the process.Fifth different people learn in different ways.  With plenty of Coursera courses under my belt I can guarantee you that many of the students will be quite anxious about each step of the process especially when it comes to grading.  A sizable proportion of the students will want (or feel that they need) the validation of the grader at each step along the way.  Youre not letting them do that in a practical manner.  It shouldnt matter to you what the anxiety level of each student is.  As (I assume) experienced educators you surely know how distracting - and counter-productive - that sort of unalleviated pressure can be for a student.Sixth the Coursera infrastructure is well capable of handling rapid re-submission of code.  I have taken several other Coursera courses that allowed for nearly-instantaneous re-submission of much more complicated entries than the code being submitted here.  The time lag was only dependent on the ability of the human to perform the re-submission.  Maybe one of them had a once-per-minute submission delay.  As I recall the rest of them allowed you to submit as often as your fingers could operate the process.Seventh many / most / all of the students are busy people with other things going on besides waiting an hour to resubmit.  Even if they have nothing but time on their hands there is no discernible point to making them wait an hour between submissions.Im sure that the one hour delay is well-intentioned but it seems - to put it kindly - incompletely thought out.  Sure if this were a production environment people should be able to test the bejeezus out of all of their scripts in a dev environment before even dreaming of running an update to prod.  This is not that course.  This is intro programming.  The ability to set up an entire test environment comes later.  Alpha testing (making sure that something works with everything going right) has to come before Beta testing (making sure to account for all the things that could go wrong).  The students at this level need to be able to figure out how to do things right in whatever way works for them.For EACH mistake a student makes out of the stack above (and more) they are going to have to wait AN HOUR to be able to re-test to see if they pass the grader - and then get more feedback (and another HOUR-LONG wait) if they dont.  Thats just ridiculous.[Your deity of choice here] help the admins if the grader has a mistake and tens of thousands of student-hours are lost (Yep.  I said it.  Tens of thousands) because of a mistake on your end.You HAVEto change this or you will lose students due to frustration over this simple and unnecessary setting., Resolved,3
Tuesday September 10th 2013 5:27 pm -04:00,Another thread on the topic posted here., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 10:20 pm -04:00,Punch in your code?  With a keyboard?  We had to punch holes in card stock with a blunt stylus.  Wired memory spools together by hand we did.I once saw a colleague wheeling his program down the hall on a cart.  He had spent months writing and testing it.  He hit a bump and the stacks of cards fell over.  He just left everything where it was grabbed his coat and walked out of the building.  Never saw him again.He had to walk up hill both ways in the snow for his commute in July but he could soldier through that.  But picking up his cards and re-organizing them?  A man has his limits you know., Resolved,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 6:06 pm -04:00,To finish rounding out the Top Ten reasons:Eighth fixing problems is often an iterative process.  Introducing a long delay is not only not teaching good debugging skills (yes I know that you want students to test in IDLE but Im talking about the problems introduced in the grade submission process) because it doesnt mirror reality but students will lose focus and thereby the thread of what it is they were trying to fix. Thats not educationally-friendly.  For most but the very dedicated they will also lose the joy of the early wins of Hello World programming and instead associate programming with excruciating delays and just give up on programming altogether.  The opposite of your intent I would assume.Ninth save all of us the grief of someone (or thousands of someones) trying to submit close to the deadline and being told that they have to wait an hour to resubmit something when there is less than an hour before deadline.  The fora(e?) will become overloaded with pleas of forbearance because its not my fault - and other than leaving things to the last hour (which is their right) theyd be right.  The fault for them not being able to submit would be yours.Tenth having a long delay gives people time to start new forum threads on how bad the delay is., Resolved,1
Tuesday September 10th 2013 10:11 pm -04:00,Its not bad manners to say the Emperor has no clothes.  Im providing knowledgeable feedback.  Ive been involved in both tech and education for a long time and all of my points were educationally valid and in the best interests of the class as a whole. Can you say the same about you and your comments?  Do you have any substantive non ad hominem points to make?  Asking for your money back is a straw man argument.It does a disservice to the effort of all involved to have an hour-long delay., Resolved,3
Tuesday September 10th 2013 10:13 pm -04:00,If every university hosts their own courses then I stand corrected on the infrastructure argument as I have no basis of knowledge about UofTs capacity.That said the other points are still valid.Thanks for passing this along., Resolved,1
Wednesday September 11th 2013 3:55 pm -04:00,So... you didnt pay any attention to the points made.Its not about me.  Ill be fine.I posted for the greater good.  Im trying to help because I see a problem that helps defeat the purpose of a very good course.If you choose to instead be a [derogatory noun of your choice here] when engaging in a forum thats also your call., Resolved,0
Saturday September 14th 2013 1:02 pm -04:00,TomYours is a considered argument rather than a quick dismissive quip.  It deserves a similar response.You have read into what I wrote with an intent that I simply did not have.  That happens sometimes especially with the written word.  You are also lacking some information about me.To close the loop on this Im not going to go through my CV but it turns out I actually do have a long history with education.  Since most college professors spend their time in other ways besides spending 40 hours a week all year long in front of students and I did that for years (plus teaching at night) its quite possible that I have more face time with students than most professors.  In addition to that I have been involved in instructional design and management of training content and trainers and worked for a learning and development consultancy.  Since much of your argument is based on a random unfounded assumption that I dont know what Im talking about a lot of your reasoning falls apart.Along the same lines of your comments I also know a fair bit about psychology especially when it comes to education.  One topic to consider in a discussion - and certainly one where all you have is text to work with such as here - is the psychological concept of projection where people ascribe their motives and behavior to others.  Its why greedy people think that others are trying to take their things selfish people suspect that altruism must really have a hidden self-interest and generous people can be taken in by con artists.  In my own case I certainly back up my words with deeds - among them sacrificing hundreds (yes hundreds) of thousands of dollars in earnings in in my life by choosing job offers that paid tens of thousands of dollars less annually but that I thought would let me help more people.  Since I know for a fact (since its me and my motivations in question and Im not delusional) that my attempt here is to help the greater good I suggest that anyone who insists that Im doing otherwise should take a look at how they make their own way through life and their own motivations.  Although that will probably fall on deaf ears I figured Id throw it out there in case its helpful to anyone.Since were trying to wrap this up I wont go through a point-by-point refutation of your response even though I could.  I shouldnt take the time to write it and you probably dont care to read it - nor likely does anyone else still on this thread - and you would still not agree that you were wrong or that I was right or that there is even a middle ground.  (If you really want the response for any or all just ask.)   I did find however that the tone of your comments is based on punishing the student rather than helping them learn.To return to the actual point of the thread:Jen and Paul appear to be really good at teaching programming concepts.  I think this is an excellent course so far.  The U of Ts opinion of course matters more than mine and they surely agree.Regardless of their or anyones teaching skills and experience the MOOC format is relatively new and is a different paradigm than in-person education.  Expectations are different.  What applies to the classroom doesnt necessarily apply here and vice-versa. I have spent a lot of time exploring MOOCs as training vehicles considering what they do well and what still needs a different format.  I watch how different courses (and teachers) approach and utilize different aspects of the technology and how that changes based on the subject matter and how it changes over time.  I dont have to focus on getting my own course out (at the moment) as Jen and Paul do so I can look at the big picture at a 10000-foot cross-platform level which they may not be able to do.Could I have written my comments differently?  Sure.  Should I have?  Apparently so.  The points however are still valid.Not that we have to agree on how best to help people but I saw this as a chance to impact the most people (all students plus the staff) with the easiest remedy (change the delay) so I made the comments early on when they could have the most impact.  I made my points.  You dont share my opinion.  Lets move on.To your concern I had also already been around the threads trying to help in much smaller chunks.  If youre doing the same well probably be in the same threads at some point.  Shall we (all) leave this thread where it is and move forward helping our fellow students as we can together?, Resolved,0
Saturday September 14th 2013 3:00 pm -04:00,EtienneIn the interest of detente and overall forum harmony I think I probably shouldnt counter-rebut.If you as TA have the ability to contact both Tom and I off-forum and he also cares to continue the conversation Im willing to do that.  I wouldnt rebut without him having a chance to see the comments and I think were all done here in the forum. - Todd, Resolved,1
Saturday September 14th 2013 1:08 pm -04:00,In case people care and missed it above in the wash: https://class.coursera.org/programming1-002/forum/thread?thread_id=1732#comment-6925, Resolved,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 10:48 pm -04:00,There are a couple of different kinds of division-related operators that were discussed in the class videos.  There are quite a few mathematical operators in Python.  For example  / // and % all do slightly different things when comparing numbers.You can probably use one or a combination of those to do some of the rounding that you might need in Assignment One.If you are going to do a web search for help with Python I find that starting the search with the word python often helps narrow the search terms quickly., Unresolved,0
Tuesday September 10th 2013 10:58 pm -04:00,I understand.With that submitted you can always go back and look at the other options should you choose to.  Theyre really quite handy., Unresolved,0
Saturday September 14th 2013 4:33 pm -04:00,EtienneIts pretty common across MOOCs for people to blame the auto-grader if they cant see why theyre failing a test as you describe.  I dont think there is a way around that at least in the short term.  (If you find one let me know.)Maybe it will diminish in the future (for a variety of reasons) but until then I think it will just come with the territory., Resolved,0
Saturday September 14th 2013 4:39 pm -04:00,To add to that:Its always easier to check a small well-defined finite list whether testing for inclusion or exclusion.It saves computing cycles too so it runs faster., Resolved,0
Saturday September 14th 2013 4:37 pm -04:00,Right.Just like 123 is not a number True is not a bool.  In Python true is also not a bool.  It must be proper case True or False.  That could be confusing if you ever switch between Python and say JavaScript which uses lower-case true and false., Resolved,0
Saturday September 14th 2013 5:13 pm -04:00,If you want to learn about class objects in Python you can get a start with the course out of Rice University that starts up on Coursera in early October.  They cover some of the same material as this course but each does it in a different way.  Each one highlights some things that the other doesnt.  The Rice course also goes into classes to be able to create a couple of games (all of the assignments are game-related)., Unresolved,0
Saturday September 14th 2013 4:09 pm -04:00,To Toms point (Greetings Tom.) it seems that rather than the test function checking for valid strings and returning True its really geared towards checking for invalid strings and returning False.I agree that  isnt a DNA sequence in that it contains no characters but it also doesnt violate the rules of DNA sequences by including non-DNA characters.  Since DNA strings can be of any length I can see the argument where that length can conceivably be zero., Resolved,0
Saturday September 14th 2013 4:45 pm -04:00,Be careful.  Technically  is not the same thing as Null. is an empty string like cat minus the c the a and the t.  Null is an undefined quantity the computational equivalent of I dont know.  If you add  to dog you get dog.  If you add Null (aka I dont know) to dog you get... I dont know (aka Null).In this case since  does not invalidate the test (it includes no bad characters because it doesnt include any) it passes.Looked at another way since a DNA string can be of any length that includes zero-length.Someone (Etienne?) posted elsewhere that adding two valid strings together results in a still-valid string.  That applies to  + ATCG.  Also true: Subtracting a valid string from a valid string results in a still-valid string.  That works for ATCG -  (= ATCG) and ATCG - ATCG ( = )., Unresolved,0
